MIGRAINE	Biofeedback control of migraine: a pilot study.
MIGRAINE	Computerised axial tomography in patients with severe migraine: a preliminary report.
MIGRAINE	Value of Sanmigran in treatment of so called digestive migraine
MIGRAINE	Psychosomatic aspects of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Etiology and treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine patients with the new anti-serotonin preparation Dezeril retard
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine by an antiprostaglandin
MIGRAINE	Release of platelet 5-hydroxytryptamine by plasma taken from patients during and between migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Allergic migraine and migraine in the allergic patient
MIGRAINE	Further observation on the possible relationship between migraine and serum ammonia levels.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine and periodic migrainous neuralgia, migraine variants with ocular manifestations.
MIGRAINE	Female managers can have it all: lower pay, migraine headaches, and dead-end jobs.
MIGRAINE	Evaluation of drugs applicable to treatment of migraine in the cranial circulation of the monkey.
MIGRAINE	Migraine pathophysiology: new vistas
MIGRAINE	Platelet dysfunction in migraine: effect of self-medication with aspirin.
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine in children and adolescents.
MIGRAINE	The therapeutic result of excision of the superficial temporal artery in atypical migraine.
MIGRAINE	Diagnosis and treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Radix Puerariae in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine--its use in migraine therapy.
MIGRAINE	The Bela Schick memorial lecture. The many facets of migraine.
MIGRAINE	The migraine tradition.
MIGRAINE	Controlled clinical trials of drugs for use in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback training: a new therapy in the treatment of migraine and tension headache?
MIGRAINE	Clonidine in prevention of migraine.  Report of a double-blind study of 38 patients referred for neurological assessment
MIGRAINE	Pizotifen (BC 105) in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Alprenolol for migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Relaxation therapy in migraine and chronic tension headache.
MIGRAINE	Double blind study of clonidine and placebo for the prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Isometheptene--a non-ergot drug in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine with isometheptene, acetaminophen, and dichloralphenazone combination: a double-blind, crossover trial.
MIGRAINE	A pilot study of the value of propranolol in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Antiserotonin agents in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and hypnotherapy.
MIGRAINE	A case of hyposphygmia caused by ergotamine in migraine
MIGRAINE	Therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Ryodoraku therapy for migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Occipital lobe arteriovenous malformations. Clinical and radiologic features in 26 cases with comments on differentiation from migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and the digestive system (clinical note)
MIGRAINE	Flash evoked potentials in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The effects of clonidine in the prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Electronmicroscopy of blood platelets in migraine and cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine presenting as fluctuating hearing loss and vertigo.
MIGRAINE	Familial hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Relaxation therapy in migraine and chronic tension headache.
MIGRAINE	Hypoglycemic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Strokes in migraine: report on seven strokes associated with severe migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Review of the epidemiology of migraine in adults.
MIGRAINE	Epidemiological data relevant to prognosis in migraine in adults.
MIGRAINE	Hypnotic treatment for migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Hypnosis and biofeedback in the treatment of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	"Complicated migraine" its association with increased platelet aggregability and abnormal plasma coagulation factors.
MIGRAINE	The relationship of headache frequency to hormone use in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Evaluation of the relationship between migraine headache and depression.
MIGRAINE	Studies in nocturnal migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and the limbic system.
MIGRAINE	Pharmocodynamic principles of anti-migraine therapy.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmodynamometry and ophthalmodynamography in orthostatic hypotension and migraine
MIGRAINE	Hemicrania and migraine accompanying the course of endocranial tumors.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol (Inderal) in migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine in general practitioners.
MIGRAINE	Proceedings: Trauma triggered migraine and juvenile head trauma syndromes.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Relaxation therapy in migraine and chronic tension headache.
MIGRAINE	The significance of blood serotonin levels in migraine. A critical review.
MIGRAINE	Hypothesis: glutamic acid in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Abdominal migraine--diagnosis and therapy.
MIGRAINE	Long-term administration of pizotifen to migraine patients: effects on oral glucose tolerance tests and on insulin levels.
MIGRAINE	Concentration of serotonin in blood platelets: effect of reserpine in migraineurs.
MIGRAINE	Transient abnormality on radionuclide cerebral dynamic study during a migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	Proceedings: Progesterone, oestradiol and aldosterone levels in plasma during the menstrual cycle of women suffering from migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prevalence of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Clinical evaluation of clonidine in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Electroencephalographic studies in migraine
MIGRAINE	Editorial: Neuropharmacological aspects of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Clonidine in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Sir G. B. Airy, F.R.S. (1801-1892) and the symptomatology of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Successful treatment of atypical migraine of childhood with anticonvulsants.
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cerebrospinal fluid gamma aminobutyric acid levels in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Epidemiology of vascular headache and migraine in the population of Warsaw
MIGRAINE	Letter: Chocolate, beta-phenethylamine and migraine re-examined.
MIGRAINE	Estrogen-withdrawal migraine. I. Duration of exposure required and attempted prophylaxis by premenstrual estrogen administration.
MIGRAINE	Estrogen-withdrawal migraine. II. Attempted prophylaxis by continuous estradiol administration.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Prostaglandins in migraine syndrome.
MIGRAINE	Epidemiologic study of migraine symptoms in young women.
MIGRAINE	Morphine abstinence and serotonin supersensitivity in man: analogies with the mechanism of migraine?
MIGRAINE	Food intake prior to a migraine attack--study of 2,313 spontaneous attacks.
MIGRAINE	1st results with cycle-adapted estrogen-interval therapy for the prevention of migraine
MIGRAINE	Anti-amine treatment of migraines
MIGRAINE	Juvenile head trauma syndromes and their relationship to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Changes in cerebral blood flow during a migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	Diseases of the central nervous system. Relief of pain: headache, facial neuralgia, migraine, and phantom limb.
MIGRAINE	Phenylethylamine-oxidizing defect in migraine: circulatory implications.
MIGRAINE	Autogenic feedback in migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Treatment of migraine with piracetam and clonidine.
MIGRAINE	Acupuncture for migraine prophylaxis: a prospective clinical study with six months' follow-up.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine in young children.
MIGRAINE	Basic treatment of migraine. Various reflections
MIGRAINE	The migraine--crux aegroti et medici ?
MIGRAINE	Low-dose clonidine: a review of its therapeutic efficacy in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Basic treatment of migraine. Value of pizotifen (BC105)
MIGRAINE	Studies on the effect of a single dose of pizotifen on the electro-encephalographic pattern in healthy persons and in patients afflicted with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Trials with the new preparation cephatac in the attack treatment of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Hemiplegic migraine and basilar migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Humoral factors in the pathogenesis of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Differential diagnosis of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Electroencephalography in the diagnosis of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Amine turnover in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: variations on a theme the Fourth Cyril B. Courville Lecture.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmic migraine
MIGRAINE	Headaches, migraine and oral contraception
MIGRAINE	Electroencephalographic expression of hemiplegic migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and its convulsive equivalent
MIGRAINE	Migraine and oral contraceptives.
MIGRAINE	Autogenic feedback training in migraine: a treatment report.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and atopy.
MIGRAINE	Therapeutic effect of reserpine on migraine syndrome: relationship to blood amine levels.
MIGRAINE	Reserpine for migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Prevalence of migraine and other headache in Finnish children starting school.
MIGRAINE	Editorial: The treatment of acute migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: management by trained control of vasoconstriction.
MIGRAINE	Preventive treatment of migraine using a new antimigraine drug Sandomigran
MIGRAINE	Serotonin (5HT) in migraine: levels in whole blood in and between attacks.
MIGRAINE	Contribution of Nocretone to the treatment of migraine and headache
MIGRAINE	Letter: Propranolol treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Electroencephalographic aspects of migraine
MIGRAINE	Clonidin in the treatment of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Migraine and estrogen-progestin endocrine treatment
MIGRAINE	Comparative effects of four migraine prophylactic drugs on an isolated extracranial artery.
MIGRAINE	The metabolic and hormonal response to glucagon. Part 2. In patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	The relationship between smoking and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Attacks of cervical migraine simulating subarachnoid hemorrhage
MIGRAINE	Pathophysiology of migraine
MIGRAINE	Clinical migraine
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine, tyramine and blood serotonin.
MIGRAINE	Plasma free fatty acids and prostaglandin  E1 in migraine and stress.
MIGRAINE	Prevalence of migraine, peptic ulcer, coronary heart disease and hypertension in cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	Salt load as a trigger for migraine.
MIGRAINE	The rheoencephalogram and migraine.
MIGRAINE	The relationship of vasoactive substances to vascular permeability, and their role in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Rosacea and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Sex, migraine and serotonin interrelationships.
MIGRAINE	The cervical headache (migraine cervicale) (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Migraine therapy by enzyme induction with proxibarbital
MIGRAINE	Migraine prophylaxis with the new serotonin antagonist Divascan
MIGRAINE	The effectiveness of the serotonin antagonist Divascan in migraine therapy
MIGRAINE	Familial occurrence of migraine with a hemiplegic syndrome and cerebellar manifestations.
MIGRAINE	Placebo, 1-isopropylnoradrenochrome-5-monosemicarbazono and pizotifen in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	The anatomy and physiology of the vertebral nerve in relation to cervical migraine.
MIGRAINE	Familial hemiplegic migraine--a reappraisal and a long-term follow-up study.
MIGRAINE	Classification and mechanism of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Estrogen therapy for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine vs. metoclopramide vs. their combination in acute migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Sympathetic-adrenomedullary activation and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Tyramine sensitivity in dietary migraine: a critical review.
MIGRAINE	Systemic arterial pressure and heart rate changes during migraine and cluster headaches: preliminary study.
MIGRAINE	Importance of humoral mediators for the pathogenesis and treatment of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Biochemical aspects of migraine
MIGRAINE	Hypothesis: migraine, a central biochemical dysnociception.
MIGRAINE	Biochemical comparison of migraine and stroke.
MIGRAINE	Prophylaxis of Migraine Using Propranolol.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: The Pill and Pregnancy.
MIGRAINE	Tracking Down Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Neurology-Epitomes of Progress: Migraine in Children.
MIGRAINE	Reduced sensitivity to alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptor agonists of intra- and extracranial vessels during pregnancy. Relevance to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Endorphins, opiate receptors and migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Original treatment of headache and migraine
MIGRAINE	Possible mechanism of action of beta-phenethylamine in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The treatment of migraine and tension headaches with amitriptyline (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Adenine compounds: cerebrovascular effects in vitro with reference to their possible involvement in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The relationship between stage III + IV + REM sleep and arousals with migraine.
MIGRAINE	New anti-migraine drugs used in the treatment of children and adolescents
MIGRAINE	Drug therapy of migraine and cluster headache
MIGRAINE	A multiple paradigm treatment programme for migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Clinical course and pathogenesis of migraine
MIGRAINE	The animal pharmacology of drugs used in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	The management of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Classification, pathogenesis and drug therapy of migraine and related forms of headache
MIGRAINE	Symptomatologic interdependence or interindependence as a key alternative in migraine and cluster headache mechanisms.
MIGRAINE	Beta-adrenolytic drugs in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Role of histamine in the pathogenesis of migraine
MIGRAINE	Calcium channel antagonists and the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a biobehavioral disorder.
MIGRAINE	Multiple transmitter amines and peptides in cerebrovascular nerves: possible links in migraine pathophysiology.
MIGRAINE	Urinary 5-HIAA in migraine: evidence of lowered excretion in young adult females.
MIGRAINE	Substance P and enkephalins: a creditable tandem in the pathophysiology of cluster headache and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Reduced platelet turnover of serotonin in diet restricted migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Beta-blockers in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Episodic pain: the misery of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prescriptions for the therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and the mitral valve prolapse syndrome.
MIGRAINE	Newer concepts in management of migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Noninvasive 133XE inhalation measurements of regional cerebral blood flow in migraine and related headaches.
MIGRAINE	Serial rCBF determinations during classic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Low and fast components of cerebral blood flow during and after migraine attacks. Reactivity to metabolic depression.
MIGRAINE	A basis for migraine therapy- the autonomic theory reappraised.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in adults.
MIGRAINE	Migraine attacks and increased platelet aggregability induced by oral contraceptives.
MIGRAINE	Beta receptor blockers in migraine
MIGRAINE	Progress in pain therapy exemplified by migraine. What does withdrawal treatment produce? Possibilities of prevention
MIGRAINE	Migraine and beta blocker. An overview
MIGRAINE	Pharmacologic management of migraine--1985.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine v. placebo in childhood migraine. A double-blind study.
MIGRAINE	Biochemical effects of cerebral ischemia: relevance to migraine.
MIGRAINE	The role of platelets in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and intracranial swelling: an experiment of nature.
MIGRAINE	Is migraine explained by Leao's spreading depression?
MIGRAINE	Double blind study of migraine therapy with etilefrine pivalate
MIGRAINE	Migraine prevention with beta-blockers: a placebo effect?
MIGRAINE	Migraine and intracranial swelling.
MIGRAINE	A further step in migraine prevention
MIGRAINE	Basilar migraine and 5-allyl-beta-oxypropylmalonylurea
MIGRAINE	The pharmacotherapy of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine is not a platelet disorder.
MIGRAINE	Migraine--current developments in neurology journals
MIGRAINE	Beta-adrenergic inhibitors and migraine
MIGRAINE	Abdominal migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and acupuncture.
MIGRAINE	Methodological aspects of drug trials in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Contingent negative variation and efficacy of beta-blocking agents in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Efficacy of beta-blockers in migraine. A critical review.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and beta-blockade: modulation of sympathetic neurotransmission.
MIGRAINE	Cervical manipulation for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Spinal manipulation for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Monotherapy or polytherapy in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cerebrovascular changes in migraine: secondary manifestations of a circulating humoral agent?
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Menstrual migraine, old and new.
MIGRAINE	Thrombopenia and migraine. Parallel course of 2 diseases
MIGRAINE	Platelet activation and migraine: a study with flunarizine.
MIGRAINE	Effects of L-5HTP with and without carbidopa on plasma beta-endorphin and pain perception: possible implications in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Effects of L-5HTP with and without carbidopa on plasma beta-endorphin and pain perception. Possible implications in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Pattern of plasma opioids in menstrually-related migraine and epilepsy.
MIGRAINE	Intracranial space-occupying lesions in patients attending a migraine clinic.
MIGRAINE	Estrogen changes as a critical factor in modulation of central opioid tonus: possible correlations with post-menopausal migraine.
MIGRAINE	Beta-endorphin and ACTH in plasma during attacks of common and classic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cannabinoids block release of serotonin from platelets induced by plasma from migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Muscle nerve sympathetic activity in migraine. Lack of abnormality.
MIGRAINE	Studies of factors triggering migraine
MIGRAINE	Pathogenesis and treatment of migraine (neuroendocrinologic aspect)
MIGRAINE	Clinical aspects of prostaglandins and leukotrienes in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The difference between non-selective and beta 1-selective beta-blockers in their effect on platelet function in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Non-vascular action of calcium blockers in migraine: pupillopharmacological study.
MIGRAINE	The pathogenesis and treatment of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Acephalgic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Sublingual flunarizine: a new effective management of the migraine attack. A comparison versus ergotamine.
MIGRAINE	Anorectal ulcers as a complication of migraine therapy.
MIGRAINE	Effect of flunarizine on regional cerebral blood flow in common and complicated migraine. Pilot study.
MIGRAINE	EEG in migraine
MIGRAINE	Prevention of menstrual migraine by percutaneous oestradiol.
MIGRAINE	Focal migraine and pregnancy.
MIGRAINE	Partial seizures and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Electroencephalographic alterations in migraine as an expression of "self-deafferentation": a hypothesis.
MIGRAINE	Malignant migraine: the syndrome of prolonged classical migraine, epilepsia partialis continua, and repeated strokes; a clinically characteristic disorder probably due to mitochondrial encephalopathy.
MIGRAINE	Effect of flunarizine on pituitary secretion by healthy men and in woman with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Translocation of cortical migraine phosphenes through eye movements and vestibular stimulation
MIGRAINE	Common migraine. Changes in conjugated and unconjugated catecholamines
MIGRAINE	Drugs and platelet activation in migraine and transient ischemic attacks.
MIGRAINE	Evidence of enhanced platelet aggregation and platelet sensitivity in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Platelet function in childhood migraine.
MIGRAINE	Comparative studies of a new anti-migraine drugs. II. To the mode of their central action.
MIGRAINE	Vertigo and basilar migraine. Nosologic role of benign vertigo in children
MIGRAINE	Monoamine oxidase activities in patients with migraine or with cluster headache during the acute phases and after treatment with L-5-hydroxytryptophan.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine prophylaxis of childhood migraine and other vascular headache. A double blind study of 57 children;.
MIGRAINE	Pizotifen in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Intravenous tyramine response in migraine before and during treatment with indoramin.
MIGRAINE	Prophylaxis of migraine in children.
MIGRAINE	A comparison between placebo, pizotifen and 1-isopropyl-3-hydroxy-5-semicarbazono-6-oxo-2.3.5.6-tetrahydroindol (Divascan) in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Multimodality treatment of migraine headache: a case study utilizing biofeedback, relaxation, autogenic and hypnotic treatments.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol for prophylaxis of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Migraine and epilepsy.
MIGRAINE	Trigger factors and natural history of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Is there a common pharmacological link between migraine and epilepsy?
MIGRAINE	Sanomigran for migraine prophylaxis, controlled multicenter trial in general practice.
MIGRAINE	Hypothesis: prostaglandins and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Comparative efficacy of cyclandelate versus flunarizine in the prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine: amelioration by Flufenamic acid, a prostaglandin inhibitor.
MIGRAINE	Selection of patients for clinical drug trials in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Placebo effect and clinical trials in migraine therapy.
MIGRAINE	Oxprenolol in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral blood flow in migraine and cortical spreading depression.
MIGRAINE	The migraine syndrome in children and adolescents.
MIGRAINE	Migraine as a sequela of blunt head injury.
MIGRAINE	Autogenic biofeedback treatment for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prophylactic treatment of migraine with clonidine. A controlled clinical trial.
MIGRAINE	Use of pizotifen in severe migraine: a long-term study.
MIGRAINE	Chenodeoxycholic acid in the prevention of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Papaverine in the prophylaxis of migraine and other vascular headache in children.
MIGRAINE	Migraine accompagnée in childhood and adolescence
MIGRAINE	Tardive long lasting hyperemia in classic migraine (migraine with aura).
MIGRAINE	Different forms of migraine in childhood and adolescence: notes on personality traits.
MIGRAINE	Sympathergic/neuroendocrine reactivity as a marker of adaptive processes underlying migraine susceptibility.
MIGRAINE	Autonomic nervous system imbalance in migraineurs.
MIGRAINE	The EEG background activity in children with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Characteristics of spreading depression and of its propagation. Their possible role in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Pizotifen in the management of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and diet
MIGRAINE	Migraine and the temporomandibular joint: the final answer?
MIGRAINE	'Migraine and the TMJ: the final answer?'.
MIGRAINE	'Migraine and the TMJ: the final answer?
MIGRAINE	Effects of sleep duration on classic migraine and depression headache pain: case reports.
MIGRAINE	A possible relationship between migraine and coronary artery spasm.
MIGRAINE	Migraine. I. Classification and pathogenesis.
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Management of migraine using acupuncture in a double-blind study
MIGRAINE	A double blind trial of acebutolol for migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	A comparative trail of ergotamine tartrate, acetyl salicylic acid and a dextropropoxyphene compound in acute migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Migraine prophylaxis with Lisuride hydrogen maleate--a double blind study of Lisuride versus placebo.
MIGRAINE	Effect of reserpine on regional cerebral glucose metabolism in control and migraine subjects.
MIGRAINE	Focal chronic ischemia and concomitant migraine: an atypical form of Sturge-Weber angiomatosis?
MIGRAINE	Propranolol and migraine. A clinical trial.
MIGRAINE	123I-amphetamine-SPECT in classical migraine and migraine accompagnée.
MIGRAINE	Pizotifen (Sanomigran) in childhood migraine. A double-blind controlled trial.
MIGRAINE	Why migraine: discussion paper.
MIGRAINE	Prevention of migraine attacks through the use of dihydroergotamine.
MIGRAINE	Analgesizing effect of a methyl donor (S-adenosylmethionine) in migraine: an open clinical trial.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine versus pizotifen: a double-blind study in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine-pizotifen single-dose double-blind cross-over trial in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	A new formulation of aspirin: bioavailability and analgesic efficacy in migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	A placebo-controlled, double-blind, cross-over trial of flunarizine in common migraine.
MIGRAINE	Samuel Auguste Tissot (1728-1797). His research on migraine.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback and relaxation-response training in the treatment of pediatric migraine.
MIGRAINE	A controlled study of dihydroergotamine in the treatment of acute migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Repetitive intravenous dihydroergotamine as therapy for intractable migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine treatment with calcium channel blockers.
MIGRAINE	A combination drug treatment for acute common migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prophylaxis of migraine: a comparison between naproxen sodium and pizotifen.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and platelet aggregation in patients treated with low dose acetylsalicylic acid.
MIGRAINE	Cognitive and relaxation treatment of paediatric migraine.
MIGRAINE	Comparison of mefenamic acid and propranolol with placebo in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Is migraine due to a deficiency of pineal melatonin?
MIGRAINE	Segregation analysis of migraine in 128 families.
MIGRAINE	Levotryptophan treatment in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Role of calcium entry blockers in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prophylaxis of migraine attacks with a calcium-channel blocker: flunarizine versus methysergide.
MIGRAINE	Late-life migraine accompaniments--further experience.
MIGRAINE	L-5-hydroxytryptophan versus placebo in childhood migraine prophylaxis: a double-blind crossover study.
MIGRAINE	5-Hydroxytryptophan versus methysergide in the prophylaxis of migraine. Randomized clinical trial.
MIGRAINE	Differential effects of training in relaxation and stress-coping in patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Historical aspects of migraine.
MIGRAINE	A randomized general practice group-comparative study of femoxetine and placebo in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Naproxen and naproxen sodium in acute migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Naproxen sodium in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Common migraine: a review and proposal for a non-vascular aetiology.
MIGRAINE	Relationship of migraine headache and stroke to oral contraceptive use.
MIGRAINE	Computerized telethermographic assessment in migraine, with particular reference to the prodromal phase.
MIGRAINE	Prevention of migraine with retard dihydroergotamine. Results of a multicenter study in 643 patients
MIGRAINE	The fortification spectra of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Intramuscular treatment of migraine attacks using diclofenac sodium: a crossover clinical trial.
MIGRAINE	Nadolol and propranolol in migraine management.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and drug absorption.
MIGRAINE	Developing conditions of migraine
MIGRAINE	Impairment of consciousness and memory in migraine: a review.
MIGRAINE	The effect of intravenous verapamil on acute migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	The association between migraine and cerebral vascular events: an analytical review.
MIGRAINE	Personality and behavioural characteristics in pediatric migraine.
MIGRAINE	Auditory brainstem evoked potentials in patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cardiovascular reflexes and plasma noradrenaline levels in migraine patients before and during nimodipine medication.
MIGRAINE	Scalp tenderness and sensitivity to pain in migraine and tension headache.
MIGRAINE	Vitamin C and migraine: a case report.
MIGRAINE	A severe ophthalmologic complication of migraine
MIGRAINE	Cutaneous pain threshold in classic and common migraine.
MIGRAINE	Psychological comparisons of irritable bowel syndrome to chronic tension and migraine headache and nonpatient controls.
MIGRAINE	Definitive monocular deficit after ophthalmic migraine
MIGRAINE	Classic and common migraine suggestive clinical evidence of two separate entities.
MIGRAINE	Cardiovascular and biochemical assessment in migraine patients submitted to tilt test.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and epilepsia: neural basis and calcium modulation. Proceedings of the International Congress. Rome, May 29-31, 1986.
MIGRAINE	Bulbo-cortical pathways and their possible relevance to migraine and epilepsy.
MIGRAINE	Regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) studies in migraine and epilepsy.
MIGRAINE	Changes in interhemispheric functional balance in epileptic and migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Possible role of gonadal hormones as triggering factors in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Pain reflexes in the clinical assessment of migraine syndromes.
MIGRAINE	Impairment of memory and consciousness in migraine: clinical and EEG study.
MIGRAINE	Transitory isolated, global blindness and headache the possible relationship to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Visual hallucinations and migraine.
MIGRAINE	A role for anticonvulsants in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Methodology of drug trials in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and epilepsy: a retrospective view.
MIGRAINE	Abnormal movements in migraine: a new case
MIGRAINE	The nasal patho-physiology of headaches and migraines. Diagnosis and treatment of the allergy, infection and nasal septal spurs that cause them.
MIGRAINE	Various aspects of the pathogenesis, clinical picture and treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine manifestations and lymphocyte pleocytosis of the cerebrospinal fluid
MIGRAINE	Preventive treatment of migraine headache with a new isoergolenyl derivative.
MIGRAINE	Peripheral temperatures of migraineurs undergoing relaxation training.
MIGRAINE	Controlled trials of cimetidine in migraine and cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	Dietary treatment of childhood migraine.
MIGRAINE	Multitherapeutic approach to the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Relief of the migraine pain attack by using the Lénar apparatus
MIGRAINE	Temperature biofeedback in the treatment of migraine headaches: a controlled evaluation.
MIGRAINE	Immunoglobulin and complement levels in migraine
MIGRAINE	Impairment of consciousness in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Random dominance and childhood migraine: a new marker? A controlled study of laterality in children with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Analysis of higher nervous functions in migraine and cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	Double blind trial of clonidine in the treatment of migraine in a general practice.
MIGRAINE	Multi-centre versus single-centre trials in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine trials: crossover or parallel group?
MIGRAINE	Clinical trials in migraine: parallel versus crossover studies.
MIGRAINE	Patient numbers needed in prophylactic migraine trials.
MIGRAINE	Some comments on the use of statistics in the evaluation of drug trials in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Drug trials in migraine. The clinician's view on end points.
MIGRAINE	Problems in childhood migraine.
MIGRAINE	Are there long lasting effects on migraine headache after one series of acupuncture treatments?
MIGRAINE	Changes in the dopaminergic control of prolactin secretion and in ovarian steroids in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clinical features of stroke in migraine: a review.
MIGRAINE	A correlative study of immunoglobulin isotype expression in common migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, mitral valve prolapse and platelet function in the pediatric age group.
MIGRAINE	Migraine with tardy pleocytosis.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and somnambulism. A survey of 122 migraine patients
MIGRAINE	Calcitonin and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Subjective stress sensitivity and physiological responses to an aversive auditory stimulus in migraine and control subjects.
MIGRAINE	Effect of total cholesterol level on platelet aggregation in patients with migraine
MIGRAINE	Activity of blood platelets and total cholesterol level in the blood of patients with migraine
MIGRAINE	Loss of consciousness in migraine: clinical and EEG findings during an attack.
MIGRAINE	Prevention of classic migraine headache by digital massage of the superficial temporal arteries during visual aura.
MIGRAINE	Observations on prodromes of classic migraine in a headache clinic population.
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine: EEG and evoked potential patterns during acute stage.
MIGRAINE	Glucose and diet in the fasting migraineur.
MIGRAINE	Copper as a factor in the dietary precipitation of migraine.
MIGRAINE	An unusual case of migraine accompaniments with permanent sequela--a case report.
MIGRAINE	Plasma methionine enkephalin. Increased levels during a migraine episode.
MIGRAINE	Unusual angiographic appearance during attack of hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	The LA-PF4/PF4 ratio reflects the augmentation of in vivo blood blood platelet activity in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Psychosocial precursors and correlates of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	An empirical assessment of the migraine personality type.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and neurological disorders
MIGRAINE	Classic migraine. A prospective recording of symptoms.
MIGRAINE	Prophylactic treatment of migraine with tolfenamic acid, propranolol and placebo.
MIGRAINE	Management of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Neuropsychologic alterations in classic and common migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and its management.
MIGRAINE	Transient global amnesia and migraine: familial incidence.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine by acupuncturing through xuanlu or taiyang to shuaigu.
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine as a manifestation of systemic lupus erythematosus. Presentation of 2 cases
MIGRAINE	Migraine, food and additives
MIGRAINE	Migraine provoked by aspartame.
MIGRAINE	Behavior disorders and body perception in migraine accompagnée in adolescence. Case report and theoretical reflections
MIGRAINE	Migraine, a result of increased CSF pressure: a new pathophysiological concept (preliminary report).
MIGRAINE	Chronobiology of dynamic equilibrium and recurrence of migraine crises
MIGRAINE	Desynchronization of serotonin, hemodynamic equilibrium and the recurrence of migraine crises
MIGRAINE	Desynchronization of noradrenaline and hemodynamic equilibrium in migraine subjects
MIGRAINE	A controlled trial of cervical manipulation of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Rare pathomorphologic findings in complicated migraine
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine: apropos of 3 cases
MIGRAINE	Confusional state and infantile migraine: report of a case
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Acute confusional migraine attacks resolved by sleep: lack of significant abnormalities in post-ictal polysomnograms.
MIGRAINE	Pharmacological exploration of dopamine hypersensitivity in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Results of a controlled, experimental, outcome study of nondrug treatments for the control of migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	A case of hemiplegic migraine treated with low-dose aspirin
MIGRAINE	Cerebral infarcts as a complication of migraine
MIGRAINE	Basilar migraine: polarity-dependent alteration of brainstem auditory evoked potential.
MIGRAINE	Results of neurophysiologic studies in ophthalmic migraine
MIGRAINE	Mental disorders in migraine patients
MIGRAINE	The electronystagmographic examination in the study of migraine
MIGRAINE	Mediating factors in non-medical treatment for migraine headache: toward an interactional model.
MIGRAINE	Migraine related to ocular stroke.
MIGRAINE	Dyslipoproteinemia and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Childhood migraine. Differential diagnosis and treatment.
MIGRAINE	Stroke, migraine and intracranial aneurysm: a case report.
MIGRAINE	Blood gastrin levels in the blood in patients with migraine headaches
MIGRAINE	The uptake, storage, and efflux of serotonin in platelets from migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Responsiveness of the visual system in childhood migraine studied by means of VEPs.
MIGRAINE	Cephalic hyperemia during migraine headaches. A prospective study.
MIGRAINE	Immunological studies in cluster headache and migraine.
MIGRAINE	ATP hyposecretion from platelet dense bodies--evidence for the purinergic hypothesis and a marker of migraine.
MIGRAINE	The platelet and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cardiovascular reflexes in young migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Autonomic dysfunction in adult migraineurs.
MIGRAINE	Can we reliably differentiate Tolosa-Hunt syndrome from ophthalmoplegic migraine?
MIGRAINE	Transient blood-brain barrier (BBB) damage in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Stroke and migraine in the Oxfordshire Community Stroke Project.
MIGRAINE	Angioscintigraphic parameters in disorders of the cerebrovascular circulation in the interictal phase of complicated migraine in children
MIGRAINE	FPL 57787 and migraine prophylaxis. A double-blind cross-over study.
MIGRAINE	Catastrophic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine prophylaxis with salmon calcitonin: a cross-over double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
MIGRAINE	Basilar migraine manifesting as transient global amnesia in a 9-year-old child.
MIGRAINE	Unusual transient high and low density CT lesion in migraine: a case report.
MIGRAINE	Prolactin and migraine: effect of L-dopa on plasma prolactin levels in migraineurs and normals.
MIGRAINE	Cardiovascular reflex responses during migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	The non-epileptiform basilar artery migraine.
MIGRAINE	Pattern-shift visual evoked responses and EEG in migraine.
MIGRAINE	A quantitative assessment of photophobia in migraine and tension headache.
MIGRAINE	Piribedil test in migraine: neuroendocrinological aspects.
MIGRAINE	Unusual angiographic appearance during an attack of hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	On migraine, the pill, and stroke.
MIGRAINE	Cervical migraine as an expert testimony problem in occupational medicine
MIGRAINE	Prostaglandins and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Pathophysiologic mechanisms of migraine headache
MIGRAINE	Left atrial myxoma presenting with migraine-like episodes.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and the idiopathic Raynaud phenomenon
MIGRAINE	Vertebral artery angiography and migraine-like symptoms: Hauge's studies reconsidered.
MIGRAINE	Abdominal migraine: a childhood syndrome defined.
MIGRAINE	Drug treatment of pain. 4: Headache and migraine, drug interactions, contra-indications, use of analgesics in pregnancy and lactation
MIGRAINE	Visual disorders as key symptoms of ocular migraine
MIGRAINE	A case from practice (69). Female patient: E.-M., U., born 1955, restaurant kitchen helper (basilar migraine)
MIGRAINE	Chronic paroxysmal migraine. A review and presentation of 4 new cases
MIGRAINE	Temperature biofeedback treatment for migraine headache: a controlled multiple baseline study.
MIGRAINE	Prevalence of migraine in the southern area of Madrid. Preliminary study
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine attacks in children with dihydroergotamine Spofa and lysenyl
MIGRAINE	Familial hemiplegic migraine: a new case.
MIGRAINE	The time relationships of migraine and cluster headache when occurring in the same patient.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and intercalated seizures with occipital EEG paroxysms: observations on a family.
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine after uncomplicated whiplash injuries.
MIGRAINE	Migraine-induced epistaxis.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol for prevention of migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Migraine--diagnostic problems
MIGRAINE	Migraine in children and reflexotherapy
MIGRAINE	Effects of beta blockade on contingent negative variation in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Analysis of the EEG spectrum in attacks of common migraine
MIGRAINE	Analysis of the EEG spectrum in attacks of classical migraine
MIGRAINE	Preventive therapy of migraine: flunarizine versus verapamil
MIGRAINE	Vision disorders in migraine: description of 2 cases of bitemporal hemianopsia
MIGRAINE	A case of migraine associated with paralysis of the hypoglossal nerve
MIGRAINE	Thromboxane synthetase inhibition: potential therapy in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and its treatment. From the Royal Melbourne Hospital Pharmacy Department.
MIGRAINE	A migraine and headache club
MIGRAINE	Migraine and its treatment. Part two.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmic migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Isopyrin-phenylbutazone for intractable migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and therapy.
MIGRAINE	Transcutaneous nerve stimulation in migraine patients. Preliminary results
MIGRAINE	Tolfenamic acid in combination with caffeine: absorption during acute migraine.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine, the vestibular system and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Vertebrobasilar occlusive disease and childhood migraine.
MIGRAINE	Calcium-channel blockers in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Is there a difference between classic and common migraine? What is migraine, after all?
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine in the prevention of classical migraine: a placebo-controlled evaluation.
MIGRAINE	Efficacy of nimodipine in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Naproxen sodium in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clomipramine and metoprolol in migraine prophylaxis--a double-blind crossover study.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and the noradrenergic control of vasomotricity: a study with alpha-2 stimulant and alpha-2 blocker drugs.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in children.
MIGRAINE	Transcendental meditation and three cases of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in childhood
MIGRAINE	Effectiveness of methysergide in relation to clinical features of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of acute migraine attack: naproxen and placebo compared.
MIGRAINE	Functional bases for a central serotonergic involvement in classic migraine: a speculative view.
MIGRAINE	Effects on migraine headache of MDL 72,222, an antagonist at neuronal 5-HT receptors. Double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine in the prevention of classical migraine: a placebo-controlled evaluation.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine in common migraine: Italian cooperative trial. I. Short-term results and responders' definition.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine in common migraine: Italian cooperative trial. II. Long-term follow-up.
MIGRAINE	Efficacy and tolerability of flunarizine in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Antidepressant drugs and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Teaching self care skills for migraine and tension headaches.
MIGRAINE	Migraine therapy in childhood
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine, a calcium entry blocker in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	A muscle and vascular oriented relaxation program for the treatment of chronic migraine patients. A randomized clinical comparative study
MIGRAINE	Clinical trial of nimodipine for single attacks of classic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Metoprolol v. clonidine in the prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clinical pharmacokinetics of ergotamine in migraine and cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	A dietary management of severe childhood migraine.
MIGRAINE	Mianserin in the prophylaxis of migraine: a double-blind study.
MIGRAINE	Extended follow-up study of the effects of brief psychological procedures in migraine therapy.
MIGRAINE	A comparison of naproxen sodium to propranolol hydrochloride and a placebo control for the prophylaxis of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Refractory migraine headache controlled with alprazolam: case report.
MIGRAINE	Migraine prevention with dihydroergotamine
MIGRAINE	Double-blind controlled study of paramax in the acute treatment of common and classical migraine.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol in prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and cluster headache treatment with calcium antagonists supports a vascular pathogenesis.
MIGRAINE	Comparative efficacy of calcium antagonist drugs in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Menstrual migraine and other hormonal aspects of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Bromocriptine blood-pressure lowering effect in migraine patients. A clinical investigation for a possible mechanism.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback control of migraine headaches: a comparison of two approaches.
MIGRAINE	Prevalence of migraine in patients with diabetes.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral angiography in complicated migraine--reactions, incidents
MIGRAINE	Concentration and uptake of 5-hydroxytryptamine in platelets from cluster headache and migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Petit mal-absences of childhood onset: familial prevalences of migraine and seizures.
MIGRAINE	New and old thoughts on migraine.
MIGRAINE	Acute migraine attack therapy: comparison of naproxen sodium and an ergotamine tartrate compound.
MIGRAINE	The efficacy and cost-effectiveness of minimal-therapist-contact, non-drug treatments of chronic migraine and tension headache.
MIGRAINE	Efficacy of feverfew as prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine in prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Efficacy of feverfew as prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Temperature self-regulation and relaxation with migraine patients and normals.
MIGRAINE	Temperature biofeedback and relaxation training in the treatment of migraine headaches. One-year follow-up.
MIGRAINE	Efficacy of feverfew as prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraines and tiapride. About four observations (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	EEG findings in complicated migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine--treatment of acute attack.
MIGRAINE	Treatment for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Management of the migraine patient.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine in infancy.
MIGRAINE	Vascular retinopathy in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Familial migraine and coronary artery spasm in two siblings.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in children: association with primary and familial dyslipoproteinemias.
MIGRAINE	Effectiveness of flunarizine in altering electronystagmographic patterns in migraine patients: a preliminary report.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and low-tension glaucoma. A case control study.
MIGRAINE	Migraine warnings.
MIGRAINE	Emergency treatment of intractable migraine.
MIGRAINE	Amelioration of ophthalmoplegic migraine by prednisone: a case report.
MIGRAINE	A review of the applications of biofeedback to migraine and tension headaches.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Rare migraine and migraine equivalents: is migraine a pineal syndrome?
MIGRAINE	Primary headache (vasomotor headache, migraine, cluster headache) and its relation to EEG and epilepsy
MIGRAINE	Propranolol plasma levels and relief of migraine. Relationship between plasma propranolol and 4-hydroxypropranolol concentrations and clinical effects.
MIGRAINE	Episodic unilateral mydriasis and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Autonomic nervous system dysfunction in common migraine.
MIGRAINE	Pathophysiological basis of anti-aggregation treatment in migraine
MIGRAINE	Cerebral hemisphere function and laterality of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Common and classic migraine. One or two entities?
MIGRAINE	Migraine and benign epilepsy with Rolandic spikes in childhood: a case-control study.
MIGRAINE	Prevention of cephalalgia in migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine responsive to danazol.
MIGRAINE	Migraine reflected in contributions to psychodynamic research. A review of the literature
MIGRAINE	An experimental investigation of some assumptions underpinning psychological treatments of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in patients with cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	Metoprolol and pizotifen in the prophylactic treatment of classical and common migraine. A double-blind investigation.
MIGRAINE	Somatosensory evoked potentials in migraine and tension headache.
MIGRAINE	Olfactory aura in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Classic migraine--clinical findings in 164 patients.
MIGRAINE	Benign migraine-like syndrome with CSF pleocytosis in children.
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine in aspirin-sensitive asthmatics.
MIGRAINE	The pathophysiology of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Naproxen in prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Vascular reactivity in the area of both carotids in children and adolescents with headaches of a migraine character
MIGRAINE	Migraine and complex seizures in children.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol plasma binding and serum lipids during chronic therapy in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Genetics of migraine and migraine accompagneé: a study of eighty-one children and their families.
MIGRAINE	Retinal artery occlusion in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a diagnostic test for etiology of food sensitivity by a nutritionally supported fast and confirmed by long-term report.
MIGRAINE	Classic migraine attack complicated by confusional state: EEG and CT study.
MIGRAINE	Migraine v. transient cerebral ischemia. Proceedings from an international congress, Rome, Italy, 30 November-1 December, 1984.
MIGRAINE	The effects of flunarizine in experimental models related to the pathogenesis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and cerebral hypoxia: a hypothesis with pharmacotherapeutic implications.
MIGRAINE	Telethermographic investigations in migraine patients before and after flunarizine treatment.
MIGRAINE	Influence of flunarizine on the altered electronystagmographic (ENG) recordings in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Brainstem auditory evoked potentials in migraine patients in basal conditions and after chronic flunarizine treatment.
MIGRAINE	Pupillary and vascular effects of calcium antagonists in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Analysis of outcome predictors of migraine towards chronicity.
MIGRAINE	Focal cerebral ischemia and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Common migraine versus daily chronic headache: a study of the relationship between depression and anxiety scores, and dexamethasone suppression test.
MIGRAINE	rCBF after TIA and during migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	On the possible relation of spreading cortical depression to classical migraine.
MIGRAINE	Visual evoked potentials and brainstem auditory evoked potentials in migraine and transient ischemic attacks.
MIGRAINE	Correlation between migraine and circulating platelet aggregates.
MIGRAINE	Relevance of prostaglandins in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Flufenamic acid in prostaglandin migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and low-tension glaucoma. A case-control study.
MIGRAINE	Dietary factors in migraine precipitation: the physicians' view.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and muscle contraction headaches: a continuum.
MIGRAINE	The influence of plasma free fatty acids and cholesterol on the aggregation of blood platelets in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Are classical and common migraine different entities?
MIGRAINE	Migraine and mitral valve prolapse.
MIGRAINE	Successful migraine prophylaxis with naproxen sodium.
MIGRAINE	Food allergy and adult migraine: double-blind and mediator confirmation of an allergic etiology.
MIGRAINE	Hemiplegic migraine and progressive hemifacial atrophy.
MIGRAINE	Hypnosis in the treatment of migraine and headache
MIGRAINE	Acupuncture in migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine-cluster headache syndrome.
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine and cerebral angiography: a report of an unusual adverse reaction.
MIGRAINE	Plasma methionine enkephalin levels. A biological marker for migraine?
MIGRAINE	Common migraine attack: platelet modifications are mainly due to plasma factor(s).
MIGRAINE	Stress, mathematics and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Value of oral primperan in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Autonomic dysreflexia due to medication: misadventure in the use of an isometheptene combination to treat migraine.
MIGRAINE	Serum dopamine beta-hydroxylase activity in menstrual migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine coma. Meningitic migraine with cerebral oedema associated with a new form of autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxia.
MIGRAINE	Migraine art.
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine.
MIGRAINE	Pathogenesis of migraine headache: initiation.
MIGRAINE	Neurologic problems of abdominal migraine in children. Clinical study of 15 cases and review of the literature
MIGRAINE	Vascular complications of ocular migraine
MIGRAINE	Basilar migraine in children
MIGRAINE	Transient visual loss and occult migraine.
MIGRAINE	Adverse reactions to drugs in migraine: some recent reports.
MIGRAINE	Intravenous chlorpromazine--preliminary results in acute migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prevention of exercise induced migraine by quantitative warm-up.
MIGRAINE	Does the piribedil test permit predicting the efficacy of domperidone, a dopaminergic antagonist, in the treatment of migraine?
MIGRAINE	Smell and other sensory disturbances in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The cerebral angiogram in patients with complicated migraine
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine in children.
MIGRAINE	Effect of oral clonidine on human cardiovascular responsiveness: a possible explanation of the therapeutic action of the drug in menopausal flushing and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback in vasomotor control and cognitive overcoming of stress in the treatment of migraine. Comparison of 2 training programs
MIGRAINE	The so-called migraine personality. Psychological peculiarities of the personality of migraine patients. A review of the literature
MIGRAINE	Can migraine headaches be modified by operant pain techniques?
MIGRAINE	Personality characteristics of young adult migraineurs.
MIGRAINE	Epidemiologic aspects of headache and migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and regional cerebral blood flow
MIGRAINE	EEG depression/spreading cortical depression--a possible pathophysiologic mechanism in classical migraine
MIGRAINE	Cluster headache versus migraine
MIGRAINE	Pharmacotherapy for migraine
MIGRAINE	A case of ophthalmoplegic migraine with ipsilateral CT-documented hypodense lesions.
MIGRAINE	Successful treatment of migraine attacks with intravenous injection of aspirin.
MIGRAINE	Ischemic strokes and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Forty-five years of migraine--observations and reflections "from the inside" by a physician-patient.
MIGRAINE	Warning symptoms in migraine: characteristics and therapeutic implications.
MIGRAINE	Experimental toothclenching in common migraine.
MIGRAINE	A new syndrome: thrombocytopathia, muscle fatigue, asplenia, miosis, migraine, dyslexia and ichthyosis.
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine: a follow-up study of 82 cases.
MIGRAINE	Migraine symptoms in school children: what is the best diagnostic characteristic for migraine?
MIGRAINE	A case simulating ophthalmoplegic migraine: clinicopathological study.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and cerebral infarction; three case studies.
MIGRAINE	Non drug treatment for migraine headache with associated Raynaud's disease.
MIGRAINE	Phenylethylamine and cerebral blood flow. Possible involvement of phenylethylamine in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Phenylethylamine, migraine and the cerebral circulation.
MIGRAINE	Platelet aggregation in patients with migraine during the pain attack and in the pain-free period
MIGRAINE	Migraine, head trauma and sport.
MIGRAINE	The management of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Temporal muscle blood flow in common migraine.
MIGRAINE	Levodopa and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Study of urinary histamine and its metabolites in patients with migraine
MIGRAINE	Blood-group levels and fatty-acid metabolism in migraine related to fasting.
MIGRAINE	Fatty-acid metabolism in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine complicated by ischaemic papillopathy.
MIGRAINE	Levodopa ineffective in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a pulmonary disease?
MIGRAINE	Evaluation of clonidine in prophylaxis of migraine. Double-blind trial and follow-up.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Delayed postangiographic reactions of cerebral vessels in patients with migraine
MIGRAINE	EEG-findings and their interpretation in simple migraine
MIGRAINE	Clonidine in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Amantadine in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prevention of migraine by reducing prolactin levels.
MIGRAINE	The physiopathological basis of modern treatment of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine against migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Propranolol in treatment of migraine in children.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Paradoxical response to propranolol in migraine.
MIGRAINE	New views on the pathogenesis of migraine and their importance for its therapy
MIGRAINE	Letter: Papaverine in prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Propranolol in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Is prolactin involved in precipitating migraine?
MIGRAINE	Letter: Prolactin and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Prolactin and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Migraine and diet.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Monoamine-oxidase and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Decreased sensitivity to oral anticoagulant therapy after attacks of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Monoamine oxidase and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Letter: Monoamine-oxidase and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Editorial: Monoamine oxidase and migraine-a causal link?
MIGRAINE	Letter: Prolactin and migraine.
MIGRAINE	BC-105--a new prophylactic agent for migraine--four years' experience in seventy-five patients.
MIGRAINE	Migraine treated with an antihistamine-analgesic combination.
MIGRAINE	Role of some biogenic substances in migraine and relevant mechanism in antimigraine action of ergotamine--studies in an experimental model for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine and kindred headaches
MIGRAINE	The pathophysiology and treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Electroencephalographic changes in children with migraine.
MIGRAINE	An antaminic drug, BC 105, in the prophylaxis of migraine. Pharmacological, clinical, and therapeutic experiences.
MIGRAINE	Vasomotor-relfex response in idiopathic and hormone-dependent migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral-cortex-perfusion rates in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Hemorrhage in hyaline bodies (drusen) of the optic disc during an attack of migraine.
MIGRAINE	EEG studies in complex migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine without headache.
MIGRAINE	The EEG in complicated and symptomatic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Hyperaldosteronism and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine with propranolol.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine with propranolol.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine and other vasomotoric headaches using Migrexa
MIGRAINE	Electroencephalograms in children suffering from migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine families.
MIGRAINE	A possible pharmacological approach to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and epilepsy.
MIGRAINE	Some interrelationships of vasoactive substances and basophilic leukocytes in migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Serial observations on a case of subarachnoid haemorrhage and ophthalmoplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine as a cyclic disease with latent and overt components--effects with an antaminic drug.
MIGRAINE	BC-105--a new serotonin antagonist in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Effect of diabetes on migraine.
MIGRAINE	The use of continuous progestogen contraception in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Simultaneous analysis of potentials evoked by focal illumination of two retinal areas by flicker and pattern stimuli; application to migraine and to visual field investigations.
MIGRAINE	Diabetes and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Diabetes and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Small blood-vessels in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Small blood-vessels in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Posttraumatic transient cerebral blindness. Association with migraine and seizure diatheses.
MIGRAINE	The implications of hyperammonemia in rare and common disorders, including migraine.
MIGRAINE	The effect of serotonin on cerebral and extracerebral blood flow with possible implications in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Simultaneous measurement of internal and external carotid blood flow in the monkey. An approach to the study of migraine mechanisms.
MIGRAINE	Migraleve in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Comparison of migraleve and buclizine in prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Visual evoked potentials in menstrual migraine.
MIGRAINE	HLA antigens in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Tranquilizers and mood elevators in the treatment of migraine: An analysis of the Migraine Foundation questionnaire.
MIGRAINE	On the susceptibility of migraine and vasomotoric headaches to high doses of Benicot
MIGRAINE	Migraine and trauma
MIGRAINE	Migraine headaches in children.
MIGRAINE	Neuropsychologic disorders in migraine
MIGRAINE	On the relationship migraine--epilepsy.
MIGRAINE	Resolution of classic migraine after removal of an occipital lobe AVM.
MIGRAINE	Paget's disease of the skull and migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Parachlorophenylalanine, an inhibitor of enteramine (serotonin) synthesis in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	The allergic factor in hepato-biliary migraine
MIGRAINE	Arterial catecholamine and enzyme histochemistry in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Duodenal migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and hepato-biliary-digestive system
MIGRAINE	Acupuncture therapy of migraine in a double-blind trial
MIGRAINE	Migraine and sulpiride
MIGRAINE	Recurring loss of conciousness with middle brain symptoms in migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraines due to tyramine
MIGRAINE	Arteriovenous angioma of the brain as a cause of migraine-like headaches of many years duration
MIGRAINE	Rem sleep, depression, and nocturnal migraine.
MIGRAINE	Normalization of sleep in migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraines in childhood.
MIGRAINE	Studies in nocturnal migraine.
MIGRAINE	Therapeutic results of prophylactic treatment for "classic" migraine with antaminic substance (B P 400 Sandoz).
MIGRAINE	Vasoneuroactive substance, antiaminic BC-105 and migraine
MIGRAINE	Latency and evidence of pathology in migraine: clinico-pharmacological and therapeutic considerations on a drug antagonist of serotonin and histamine
MIGRAINE	Trial of a serotonin inhibitor BC 105 in the prevention of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Beta blockaders--new pharmaceuticals in the treatment of migraine?
MIGRAINE	Comparative trial of serotonin antagonists in the management of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Dimethiotazine in migraine
MIGRAINE	Clinical trial of a beta-receptor blocking agent (LB 46) in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	The antihistaminic Sandomigran as the treatment of choice in anxious, thin, and anorexic patients with migraine
MIGRAINE	Clinical trial of LB-46 (d, 1-4-(2-hydroxy-3-isopropylaminopropoxy)indol. An adrenergic beta-receptor blocking agent in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	BC 105 in migraine
MIGRAINE	Current concepts in the pathogenesis and interval treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	A comparative trial of prindolol, clonidine and carbamazepine in the interval therapy of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Zonographic examinations of cervical spine in cases of cervical migraine
MIGRAINE	The Alice in Wonderland syndrome in juvenile migraine.
MIGRAINE	Chronic ergotamine poisoning after migraine treatment
MIGRAINE	Personality and psychodynamic mechanisms in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Absorption of effervescent aspirin during migraine.
MIGRAINE	The role of humoral mediators in migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Voluntary regulation of temporal artery diameter by migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Enzyme changes in the cerebrospinal fluid and serum and their correlation to the breakdown of bradykinin during different stages of headache attacks of migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Editorial: Biochemical basis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine in children
MIGRAINE	Treatment of dysrhythmic migraines and other headaches with RO- 5-4023
MIGRAINE	Migraine variants with focal neurological manifestations.
MIGRAINE	Therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine in childhood. A review.
MIGRAINE	Migraine or headache and oral contraceptives
MIGRAINE	The regulation of cerebral blood flow - its relationship to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Hemicrania and migraine associated with endocranial tumours.
MIGRAINE	A cooperative study on the clinical aspects of migraine and vascular headache and their response to sandomigran.
MIGRAINE	Personality profiles in cluster headache, migraine and normal controls.
MIGRAINE	A controlled epidemiological study of the role of psychological factors in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ramifications of ergot research and their impact of the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine tartrate in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	The relationship of serotonin and platelets in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The electroencephalographic characteristics of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine accompagnée: the use of additional diagnostic tests
MIGRAINE	Evaluation of amitriptyline in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Cerebrospinal fluid levels of 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid in patients with migraine during attacks and in the intercritical period
MIGRAINE	Cerebrospinal fluid levels of 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid in patients with migraine before and after treatment with L-tryptophan
MIGRAINE	Associated migraine
MIGRAINE	CSF levels of 5-HIAA in migraine during tryptophan therapy (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Letter: Propranolol in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Vasospasm and vascular headaches: selective vasoconstriction in the carotid vascular system measured by the Doppler ophthalmic method in migraineurs.
MIGRAINE	Phenomenal similarities of migraine and morphine abstinence.
MIGRAINE	Migraine--a misunderstood disease
MIGRAINE	Clinical aspects and treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	The problems of migraine.
MIGRAINE	New clinic for patients suffering from migraine
MIGRAINE	Clinic for patients with migraine
MIGRAINE	Blood serotonin level in sciatica and the serotonin theory of migraine pathogenesis
MIGRAINE	Bruxism, occlusion and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cluster headache: relation to and comparison with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Classic migraine with cerebral cortical infarction causing permanent hemianopia.
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Periodic migraine-like neuralgia
MIGRAINE	The ingestion of serotonin precursors (L-5-hydroxytryptophan and L-tryptophan) improves migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	The implications of hyperammonemia in rare and common disorders, including migraine.
MIGRAINE	The treatment of migraine with propranolol.
MIGRAINE	A double-blind crossover trial of isometheptene mucate compound and ergotamine in migraine.
MIGRAINE	A comparison between BC 105 and methysergide in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Comparative treatment study of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Effect of tyramine in migraine: a double-blind study.
MIGRAINE	A trial of opipramol in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Observations on the relation of migraine and epilepsy. An electroencephalographic, psychological and clinical study using oral tyramine.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Midrid for migraine?
MIGRAINE	BC 105, a new preparation for migraine
MIGRAINE	Propranolol prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	The prophylactic treatment of migraine with an antiserotonin pizotifen.
MIGRAINE	Migraine headache: diagnosis and management.
MIGRAINE	Neosal, ergotamine tartrate caffeine and placebo in acute migraine attack
MIGRAINE	Heparin in migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	BC-105 and deseril in migraine prophylaxis. (A double-blind study).
MIGRAINE	Zung's test for the quantitative assessment of depression and its confirmation during the testing of a new anti-migraine agent Sandomigran
MIGRAINE	Practical aspects of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine with migristin
MIGRAINE	Sulpiride in the treatment of migraine, tension headache and associated psychosomatic disorders
MIGRAINE	BC-105 preparation in treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Zung's test for the quantitative assessment of depression and its confirmation through the testing of a new anti-migraine drug Sandomigran
MIGRAINE	Clonidine (Catapresan) in prevention of migraine
MIGRAINE	A study of midrin in the symptomatic relief of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	A clinical study of tyramine as an etiological factor in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine from the neurologic viewpoint
MIGRAINE	A new agent for chemotherapy of migraine headaches: a controlled study.
MIGRAINE	Clinical physiological study of the action of BC 105 (Sandoz, Basle) in the interval therapy of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clinical trial of a new anti-bradykinin, anti-inflammatory drug, ketoprofen (19.583 r.p.) in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Metoclopramide in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prophylactic treatment of migraine with propranolol. A clinical trial.
MIGRAINE	Migraine--vasomotor headache and its therapeutic approaches
MIGRAINE	Two controlled trials of tyramine in children with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Importance of dietetic factors in migraine
MIGRAINE	BC-105 in the prevention of migraine
MIGRAINE	Surgical treatment of cervical migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Differential diagnosis of "migraine accompagnée" and sensory Jacksonian seizures
MIGRAINE	Isoproterenol treatment of visual symptoms in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The long-term management of migraine with clonidine.
MIGRAINE	Histaminase activity in serum of patients with migraine
MIGRAINE	Drug therapy of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Angina pectoris and sudden death in the absence of atherosclerosis following ergotamine therapy for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine tartrate in migraine and the dangers of overdose.
MIGRAINE	Dietary migraine.
MIGRAINE	Pharmacological and biological approach to migraines
MIGRAINE	Pathogenetic, clinical, electroencephalographic, and therapeutic study of migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine--a personal view.
MIGRAINE	Discordant identical twins. VI. Psoriasis and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine following total adrenalectomy for Itsenko-Cushing disease
MIGRAINE	Sandomigrin in migraine therapy
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine--a review of ten cases.
MIGRAINE	Clinical and electroencephalographic studies of Avamigran therapy for migraine
MIGRAINE	Conjoint therapy of migraine: a case report.
MIGRAINE	A study of migraine in pregnancy.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of cervical migraine with Venopyronum
MIGRAINE	Another treatment for migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Varieties of hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cryosurgery of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Progesterone suppositories and pessaries in the treatment of menstrual migraine.
MIGRAINE	The haemodynamics of migraine--a review.
MIGRAINE	Prevalence and heredity of migraine and migrainoid headaches among 461 Danish doctors.
MIGRAINE	Carotid ergotism. A complication of migraine therapy.
MIGRAINE	Headache rounds--acquired migraine.
MIGRAINE	Abnormal cerebrovascular reactivity in patients with migraine and cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	Disturbed liver function in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Reserpine--headache and PRL release in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Biochemical basis for biofeedback treatment of migraine: a hypothesis.
MIGRAINE	Footballer's migraine.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback and rational-emotive therapy in the management of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Long-term effect and tolerance during prophylactic treatment of migraine with a benzo-cycloheptathiophene derivative, pizotifen.
MIGRAINE	Hormonal levels linked to migraine during the menstrual period.
MIGRAINE	Migraine--a personal view.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and reporoductive hormones throughout the menstrual cycle.
MIGRAINE	Preliminary report on the use of autogenic feedback training in the treatment of migraine and tension headaches.
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine and methysergide abuse in patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in general practice.
MIGRAINE	Hemodynamic studies within the brain during migraine.
MIGRAINE	Facial thermography in cerebral vascular insufficiecy and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine therapy with magnesium glutamate
MIGRAINE	Caffeine, coffee, headache and migraine
MIGRAINE	Cerebral vasomotor paralysis during migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	Amitriptyline in migraine prophylaxis. Changes in pattern of attacks during a controlled clinical trial.
MIGRAINE	Visual symptoms in the migraine syndrome.
MIGRAINE	A migraine survey.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Abdominal epilepsy and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Psychological aspects of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Retinal blood vessel diameter during migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Management of the acute attack of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Practolol and migraine.
MIGRAINE	The migraines and the effect of vaccination with toxoplasmin Sevac combined with chemotherapy (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Variations in migraine attacks with changes in weather conditions.
MIGRAINE	Usefulness of Sandomigran in treatment of migraine syndromes
MIGRAINE	Atypical migraine.
MIGRAINE	Dixarit--a treatment for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Effect of oral contraceptives on blood vessels and migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Migraine. A platelet hypothesis.
MIGRAINE	Psychosomatic self-regulation of migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine addiction in migraine patients
MIGRAINE	Fortification illusion during an attack of ophthalmic migraine. Implications for the human visual cortex.
MIGRAINE	The epidemiological enigma of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Drug information. Catapresan 25. A new migraine remedy on the market
MIGRAINE	Sandomigrin (pizotiphenum NFN) in migraine prevention
MIGRAINE	Vasomotor paralysis in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Diagnosis of migraine
MIGRAINE	Plasma free fatty acid changes in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and colour retouchers.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Prolactin, levodopa, and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Reflex vasomotor responses in the hands of patients suffering from migraine.
MIGRAINE	The hemodynamics of preheadache scotoma in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Blood sugar response to glucagon in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The anatomy of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cardiac migraine--report of twelve cases.
MIGRAINE	Xylose test in patients with attacks of headaches (migraine, Horton's headache)
MIGRAINE	Pain thresholds in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Personality characteristics and family roles of children with migraine.
MIGRAINE	The management with a low oxalate diet of abdominal migraine in children with a note on oxalate metabolism.
MIGRAINE	Syndrome of isolated visual migraine
MIGRAINE	Clinical picture of migraine
MIGRAINE	Occlusive migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Rebound migraine.
MIGRAINE	Heparin found useful in migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Migraine
MIGRAINE	The nature of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Visual evoked cortical potentials for single flashes and flickering light in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Editorial: Effort migraine.
MIGRAINE	Effect of chocolate in migraine: a double-blind study.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol used in prophylaxis of migraine in children.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and abdominal epilepsy. Correlation with biliary diseases and rheumatic fever
MIGRAINE	Pathogenesis of the pain of migraine attacks
MIGRAINE	Clinical and pathophysiological considerations on initial neurological symptoms of focal migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	The limits of migraine. The place of migraine in vascular headaches
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine
MIGRAINE	A phenylethylamine oxidising defect in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Editorial: Migraine clinics.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Hemiplegic migraine: cerebrospinal fluid abnormalities.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in patients with cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	Migraine. Diagnostic and therapeutic aspects.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Paroxysmal dyseguilibrium in the migraine syndrome of childhood.
MIGRAINE	Retinal degeneration in hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Vascular diseases, mortality, and migraine in the parents of migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Prolactin, levodopa, and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Headache, tyramine, serotonin, and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clinical trial of a new serotonin antagonist, BC105, in the prevention of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Indomethacin in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The migraine syndrome.
MIGRAINE	Double-blind controlled trial of a micronized preparation of flumedroxone (Demigran) in prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and methysergide. An appraisal.
MIGRAINE	Prophylactic treatment of migraine patients with 6-alpha-trifluoromethyl-17-alpha-acetoxyprogesterone (Demigran Leo, WG 537)
MIGRAINE	Double-blind crossover comparison of bc-105, methysergide and placebo in the prophylaxis of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Clinical consideration influencing experimental design in drug trials for migraine headache therapy.
MIGRAINE	Appraisal of BC-105 in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Double-blind clinical evaluation of the efficacy and safety of ergostine-caffeine, ergotamine-caffeine, and placebo in migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Aetiology of migraine and prevention with carbamazepine (Tegretol): results of a double-blind, cross-over study.
MIGRAINE	Conditioned adaptation-relaxation reflex in migraine therapy.
MIGRAINE	A clinical and biochemical correlation between tyramine and migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Prophylactic treatment of migraine with vitamin B 12
MIGRAINE	The lonely Nietzsche and his migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine tartrate in migraine.
MIGRAINE	A therapeutic trial in migraine with parachlorophenylalanine, a specific serotonin depletor.
MIGRAINE	Thermographic, hormonal and clinical studies in migraine.
MIGRAINE	A new drug in the treatment of migraine (therapeutic trial)
MIGRAINE	The treatment of migraine with BC 105 (pizotifen): a double blind trial.
MIGRAINE	Dietary migraine and tyramine metabolism.
MIGRAINE	Conjugation defect in tyramine-sensitive migraine.
MIGRAINE	2-(2.6-dichlorophenylamino)-2-imidazoline hydrochloride (ST 155 or Catapresan) as a prophylactic remedy against migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis studies in migraine with special reference to insulin sensitivity.
MIGRAINE	Epidemiology of headache and migraine in women.
MIGRAINE	A comparative trial of serotonin antagonists in the management of migraine.
MIGRAINE	A clinical trial of an antiserotonin drug, bc-105 in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Monoamine oxidase inhibitors in the control of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Allergy and migraine: a clinical study.
MIGRAINE	Clinical and experimental evaluation of a new ergot-derivative (ergostine) in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clinical trial of MY-25 (1-methyl-ergotamine-bitartrate) in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Cyproheptadine (Peritol) in the treatment of migraine and related headache.
MIGRAINE	BC 105 and methysergide (Deseril) in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Preliminary report on the use of clonidine (Boehringer Ingelheim) in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Psychology and neuropsychology in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Progestin, thrombophlebitis and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Indoramin in prevention of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Convulsions caused by migraine
MIGRAINE	Some clinical and EEG findings in patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	On the effect of nitroglycerin on cerebral circulation in patients with cervical migraine (clinicorheoencephalographic parallels)
MIGRAINE	Therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	The relation of migraine and epilepsy.
MIGRAINE	Juvenile migraine, presenting as an acute confusional state.
MIGRAINE	A clinical comparison of cluster headache and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Familial "prosoplegic" migraine
MIGRAINE	BC 105 in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Reactivity of the intra- and extracranial vessels to serotonin and its relation to migraine
MIGRAINE	Therapy of headaches, including migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and gastric acid secretion
MIGRAINE	Vagotomy in migraine?
MIGRAINE	The course of migraines
MIGRAINE	Organic cerebral symptoms in migraine of many years' duration
MIGRAINE	Footballer's migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a biochemical study.
MIGRAINE	Amino acids in urine in spontaneous migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Footballer's migraine.
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine and Haemoglobin AS in Nigerians.
MIGRAINE	Sandomigran (BC-105) in treatment of migraine and Horton's headache
MIGRAINE	Rational treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine--a disabling disorder.
MIGRAINE	Vascular responses in the hands of patients suffering from migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: treatment by lithium
MIGRAINE	Infantile and juvenile focal migraine
MIGRAINE	Footballer's migraine.
MIGRAINE	5-Hydroxytryptamine levels and platelet aggregation responses in subjects with acute migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Bilateral nephroptosis and migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and symptoms in childhood: bilious attacks, travel sickness and eczema.
MIGRAINE	Excretion of free and conjugated 5-HIAA and VMA in urine and concentration of 5-HIAA and HVA in CSF during migraine attacks and free intervals.
MIGRAINE	Kallikrein-like esterase and peptidase activities in CSF during migraine attacks and free intervals.
MIGRAINE	Different corneal indentation pulse pattern in cluster headache and migraine.
MIGRAINE	The role of estradiol withdrawal in the etiology of menstrual migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine and hemoglobinopathy in Nigerians.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and personality in renal papillary necrosis.
MIGRAINE	The use of autogenic feedback training in a pilot study of migraine and tension headaches.
MIGRAINE	The influence of progesterone and estradiol upon migraine.
MIGRAINE	Effect of BC 105 on the depressed mood in migraine
MIGRAINE	Amitriptyline in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, headache, and related conditions--panel 7.
MIGRAINE	Alternating hemiplegia in childhood: a report of eight patients with complicated migraine beginning in infancy.
MIGRAINE	Migraine--research.
MIGRAINE	Migraine--treatment of acute attack.
MIGRAINE	Migraine--general management.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral blood changes in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol in migraine
MIGRAINE	The role of progesterone in menstrual migraine.
MIGRAINE	Paroxysmal arrhythmias and migraine.
MIGRAINE	The platelet release reaction during migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Classical conditioning of digital pulse volume in migraineurs and normal controls.
MIGRAINE	Clonazepam (rivotril) in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Transient global amnesia in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and weather.
MIGRAINE	Timolol in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Craniovascular accompaniments of the vascular headache of the migraine type.
MIGRAINE	Allergic factors in 143 cases of migraine
MIGRAINE	Metabolic abnormalities in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Place of hysterectomy with adnexial preservation in the treatment of severe persistent catamenial migraine after age 45
MIGRAINE	Experience with a new serotonin antagonist in the prevention of migraine
MIGRAINE	Retinal bloodvessel diameter during migraine.
MIGRAINE	New views in the medical treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	A psychological approach to the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine treated by relaxation therapy.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and epilepsy
MIGRAINE	A case of association of migraine, epilepsy and hyperlipemia type V
MIGRAINE	The influence of hormonal changes upon migraine in women.
MIGRAINE	Thermography in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Familial hemiplegic migraine associated with nystagmus
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a series of 38 patients treated with ergotamine tablets.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine in migraine therapy
MIGRAINE	Rheoencephalographic observations in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine equivalent: the scintillating scotoma.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine in migraine therapy
MIGRAINE	Comparative studies of new anti-migraine drugs. I. Action on central nervous system in rodents.
MIGRAINE	Perspectives in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine headaches: findings since the last 20 years
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Dysrhythmic migraines and their treatment with tegretol
MIGRAINE	Stellate ganglion block under EEG control in the treatment of complicated cervical migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Migrain families. Genetic aspects of migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and its treatment
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Basilar migraine in childhood.
MIGRAINE	Indication for neuroradiologic examination in migraine
MIGRAINE	The treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in children: clinical and electroencephalographic study of families. The possible relation to epilepsy.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Interval therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Experience with 750 migraine patients at a headache clinic
MIGRAINE	Migraine--use and misuse of drugs : editorial
MIGRAINE	Electroencephalographic pictures in children with migraine
MIGRAINE	Mechanism of the effect of 5-HT antagonists (antiserotonins) in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and the vestibular apparatus (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Electromyographic evidence of cerebral malfunction in migraine due to egg allergy. Report of a case.
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine as a cause of benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood.
MIGRAINE	Plasma serotonin in migraine and stress.
MIGRAINE	Experience with dimethothiazine in the preventive treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Methysergide (UML-491) in the treatment of disrhythmic migraines
MIGRAINE	Clinical aspects of cervical migraine
MIGRAINE	Dysrhythmic migraine. Treatment with G 32883
MIGRAINE	Vestibular syndrome in migraine
MIGRAINE	Familial hemiplegic migraine, retinal degeneration, deafness, and nystagmus.
MIGRAINE	Efficacy of flufenamic acid in migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	II. Prevention of migraine using chenodeoxycholic acid (C.D.C.A.)
MIGRAINE	Methysergide for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Vasomotor function in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine is not associated with cholelithiasis
MIGRAINE	Rheoencephalography of migraine
MIGRAINE	Factors determining the electroencephalogram in migraine: a study of 560 patients, according to clinical type of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Total blood serotonin content in migraine patients during attacks and in the period between attacks
MIGRAINE	Migraine attacks triggered by mild head trauma, and their relation to certain post-traumatic disorders of childhood.
MIGRAINE	Mental disorders in migraine
MIGRAINE	The clinical picture of migraine state
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Retinal migraine and the pill.
MIGRAINE	Experience in health resort treatment of patients with cervical radicular syndrome (cervical migraine)
MIGRAINE	Echoencephalography and cerebrospinal fluid analysis in differential diagnosis of migraine
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine: associated cerebral arteriopathy
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine and vascular headache by a drug regulating behavior
MIGRAINE	Migraine associated with hyper-pre-beta lipoproteinemia.
MIGRAINE	Experiences with the new serotonin antagonist BC-105 (Sandomigran) in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Epilepsy and migraine
MIGRAINE	Rheoencephalographic study in migraine
MIGRAINE	Eye diseases in migraine patients
MIGRAINE	Effect of Deseril-Retard and Migristen on the excretion of 5-hydroxy-indoloacetic acid and P-hydroxy-M-methoxymandelic acid in the urine of patients suffering from migraine
MIGRAINE	Cardiac manifestation of migraine: migraine as a cause of coronary spasm
MIGRAINE	Dietary causes of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Concurrent incidence of migraine and epilepsy in the EEG picture
MIGRAINE	Problems of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clinical and statistical investigations of the epidemiology of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and oral contraceptives
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine tartrate in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine tartrate in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine tartrate in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and its treatment
MIGRAINE	Migraine and epilepsy.
MIGRAINE	Pathomechanism of migraine
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Interval treatment of migraine with BC 105, a new serotonin antagonist
MIGRAINE	The excretion of adrenaline, noradrenaline and their precursors (DOPA and dopamine) in migraine patients
MIGRAINE	Intracranial saccular aneurysms in children. Internal carotid artery aneurysms inducing the so-called ophthalmoplegic migraine
MIGRAINE	Background to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Symptomatic migraine. Under what criteria is it suspicious? (1 case)
MIGRAINE	Clinical and therapeutic observations on the so-called "migraine variants"
MIGRAINE	Some aspects of the epidemiology of migraine in Denmark.
MIGRAINE	New factors in migraine, motion sickness and equilibrium. A cybernetic study of equilibrium.
MIGRAINE	Vasomotor changes during migraine.
MIGRAINE	Retinal migraine.
MIGRAINE	Food intake before migraine attacks in children.
MIGRAINE	Changes in focal cerebral blood flow within the internal carotid system during migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	Aeromedical consultation service case reports: occipital migraine.
MIGRAINE	Headache (1): migraine
MIGRAINE	Acute migraine requiring treatment in a city
MIGRAINE	Migraine, giddiness and cerebral dehydration.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and schizophrenia.
MIGRAINE	Digestive migraine
MIGRAINE	Headaches and migraine in colour retouchers.
MIGRAINE	A comparison of personality traits in ulcerative colitis and migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Cluster migraine--an unrecognized common entity.
MIGRAINE	Therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Carcinoid tumor of the small intestine, occlusive form: migraine equivalent or flush?
MIGRAINE	Association of brachymetapody with epilepsy and migraine
MIGRAINE	Tyramine migraine
MIGRAINE	Frequently unknown relationships between spinal column and functional disorders of the gastrointestinal system. (Own observations on the relation between cervical migraine and gastroenteritis)
MIGRAINE	Long-term therapy of persistent migraine with BC-105
MIGRAINE	Differential diagnosis of headache and experiences with a new preparation in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine tartrate in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The aetiology of migraine.
MIGRAINE	The French Migraine Club.
MIGRAINE	An enzyme (MAO) defect on the platelets in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine-headache and essential arterial hypertension. A clinical pharmacological approach with the false transmitter metaraminol.
MIGRAINE	Change in serotonin and catecholamines vascular reactivity during migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	Thermographic, hormonal, and clinical studies in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Allergic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine variants.
MIGRAINE	Cluster migraine.
MIGRAINE	Rarity of migraine in diabetic subjects
MIGRAINE	Migraine: with special reference to scintillating scotomata.
MIGRAINE	Doppler observations in migraine patients (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Benserazide induces migraine attacks. Irrelevance of concomitant hyperprolactinemia.
MIGRAINE	Etiology and treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Note on treatment of migraine using behavior therapy techniques.
MIGRAINE	Migraine--clinical picture and treatment
MIGRAINE	Migraine variants.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: intelligence, social class, and familial prevalence.
MIGRAINE	When the migraine patient seeks help.
MIGRAINE	Methods of treating acute migraine in the City Migraine Clinic.
MIGRAINE	The fortification illusions of migraines.
MIGRAINE	The migraine attack as a socio-medical problem.
MIGRAINE	BC-105 a new preparation for the interval treatment of migraine--a double blind evaluation compared with a placebo.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: an exploratory treatment application of programmed behaviour therapy techniques.
MIGRAINE	Migraine research.
MIGRAINE	Migraine treated with dimetiotazine with long-term improvement
MIGRAINE	MY 25, a peroral prophylactic for migraine
MIGRAINE	Dogmatil and migraines
MIGRAINE	Hemiplegic migraine associated with menstruation.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, anorexia nervosa and schizophrenia.
MIGRAINE	Picture of the month. Ophthalmoplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Insulin induced hypoglycaemia in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Tyramine metabolism and migraine: a metabolic defect.
MIGRAINE	Role of autonomic nervous system in migraine headache, with special reference to serum dopamine-beta-hydroxylases activity
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Serotonin, blood platelets, and migraine. A connection?
MIGRAINE	Serotonin metabolism in blood platelets--a possible relation to migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and sulpirid
MIGRAINE	Measures concerning the prophylactic treatment of migraine with methysergide (Deseril) 
MIGRAINE	The electroencephalogram in childhood basilar artery migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and Fumaria officinalis
MIGRAINE	Phenotypic manifestations and genetic features of migraine
MIGRAINE	Therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Failure of tyramine to induce migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral atherosclerosis and the cervical migraine symptom complex
MIGRAINE	Platelet aggregability in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Use of novocaine-vitamin blocks in migraine
MIGRAINE	Hepato-biliary migraine and allergy
MIGRAINE	Grounds for roentgenotherapy of cervical migraine
MIGRAINE	Morphologic and kinetic amelioration of biliary stasis and of migraines following multiple duodenal intubation
MIGRAINE	Serotonin and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine and its treatment.
MIGRAINE	Potentiation and antagonism of serotonin effects on intracranial and extracranial vessels. Possible implications in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and oral contraceptives.
MIGRAINE	Retroperitoneal fibrosis associated with methysergide therapy for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a follow-up study of 92 patients.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in childhood. Brief review of this inherited disorder which strikes five per cent of school-age children.
MIGRAINE	The ophthalmological complications of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Oral contraceptive drugs and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cerebrospinal fluid in migraine
MIGRAINE	The treatment of angina pectoris with coexistent migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine. Mefenamic acid (ponstan) in the treatment of attacks.
MIGRAINE	Platelet 5-hydroxytryptamine and adenine nucleotides, serum arginylesterase and plasma 11-hydroxycorticosteroids in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Medical expert evaluation in various forms of migraine
MIGRAINE	5-hydroxyindoles and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Discussion of 5-hydroxyindoles and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Plasma serotonin levels in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Oestrogen therapy and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Basilar migraine, seizures, and severe epileptiform EEG abnormalities.
MIGRAINE	Dietary indiscretion and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine 12 patients, with an attack recorded electroencephalographically.
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	The distribution of water space in headache. Changes observed during an induced migraine crisis
MIGRAINE	Renal clearance and headache. Study of renal hemodynamics in the migraine crisis induced by trinitrine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and the digestive system
MIGRAINE	Migraine in children
MIGRAINE	The psychosomatic shift through obesity, migraine, peptic ulcer, and myocardial infarction in a homosexual.
MIGRAINE	Use of ergotamine tartrate as a suppository in migraine
MIGRAINE	Confusional state and basilar artery migraine.
MIGRAINE	The migraine syndrome in pregnancy.
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Familial migraine with hemiplegia
MIGRAINE	The neurological manifestations of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in children.
MIGRAINE	On the state of the cerebral circulation in cervical migraine (according to rheoencephalographic findings)
MIGRAINE	Periodic syndrome and migraine in children
MIGRAINE	New concepts on the diencephalic origin of epistaxis and migraine. Clinical observations
MIGRAINE	Studies of serotonin metabolism in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The effect of serotonin on cranial vessels and its significance in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine accompaniments versus arteriosclerotic ischemia.
MIGRAINE	Diagnosis and treatment of migraine in children.
MIGRAINE	A possible connection between basilar migraine and the Arnold-Chiari malformation.
MIGRAINE	Control of migraine in children.
MIGRAINE	Personality patterns in migraine and ulcerative colitis patients.
MIGRAINE	In vitro response of animal arteries to serum of migraineurs.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral infarction and migraine: clinical and radiologic correlations.
MIGRAINE	Vascular migraine of the elderly: a personal experience.
MIGRAINE	Persistent neurologic sequelae of migraine: a case report.
MIGRAINE	The migraine syndrome in arterio-venous aneurysms of the cerebral vessels
MIGRAINE	Resection of the temporal neurovascular bundle for control of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Pyelonephritic migraine syndrome. Its causes and treatment
MIGRAINE	Cerebral infarction and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Aphemia with hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Allergic migraines
MIGRAINE	A new method in the treatment of migraine using anticholinesterase drugs (clinical observations)
MIGRAINE	Migraine polyarthritis and erythema nodosum as a leprosy manifestation. Report of a case
MIGRAINE	Circadian rhythms of plasma cortisol in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Dimethothiazine in the prophylaxis of migraine
MIGRAINE	Dipyridamole in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	On the incidence of ocular disorders in severe migraine, common migraine and migraine states. Evaluation of the results obtained with medical and oculistic therapy
MIGRAINE	On the incidence of ocular diseases in severe migraine, common migraine and migraine states. Evaluation of the results obtained with oculistic treatment
MIGRAINE	Hormonal allergy in asthma and migraines.
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine. Clinical contribution and catamnestic study of 100 cases
MIGRAINE	Subarachnoid hemorrhage in patients with ophthalmoplegic migraine. Case report
MIGRAINE	Prevention of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine with alternate hemiplegia
MIGRAINE	Migraine and multiple sclerosis.
MIGRAINE	Pangamic acid in migraine
MIGRAINE	Permanent scotoma in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Action of dihydroergotamine used alone in prevention of migraine (apropos of 80 cases)
MIGRAINE	Migraine, platelets, and headache prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Cervical migraine. Not merely a pain in the neck.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, significance of its manifold phenomena and its special therapy
MIGRAINE	Deseril as prophylactic therapy for migraine. Rules for avoiding complications induced by fibrosis
MIGRAINE	The importance of the allergic factor in the etiology of migraine
MIGRAINE	Monoamine oxidase inhibition in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Hemiatrophy of the tongue: a rare complication of the hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Regional blood flow in internal carotid distribution during migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	The use of folic acid in vascular headache of the migraine type.
MIGRAINE	Prophylactic treatment of migraine with flumedroxone.
MIGRAINE	Migraine associated with retinal entoptic phenomena.
MIGRAINE	Unilateral leg edema, migraine, and methysergide. A clinical presentation of retroperitoneal fibrosis.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine headaches with sulpiride
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine. Diagnosis.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in childhood.
MIGRAINE	Migraine. Avoiding trigger factors.
MIGRAINE	Migraine. Prophylactic drugs.
MIGRAINE	Migraine. Coping with acute attacks.
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine with transient atrial fibrillation.
MIGRAINE	Mechanism of action of drugs currently used in the prevention of migraine
MIGRAINE	Some clinical, social and psychological characteristics of migraine subjects in the general population.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral hemodynamics in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The treatment of migraine by temperature biofeedback (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Migraine as an attempt at self cure. Psychosomatic study
MIGRAINE	Childhood migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Controlled trial of demigran in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Serotonin, the carotid body, and cranial vessels in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The effect of migraine and ergot upon reflex vasodilatation to radiant heating.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine: a case report.
MIGRAINE	Postural headache and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral vasospasm in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cerebrocardiac form of migraine: clinical picture and treatment.
MIGRAINE	Amines and migraine.
MIGRAINE	The EEG in accompanied and symptomatic migraines
MIGRAINE	Hemiplegic migraines: 2 cases with EEG recording of the crisis
MIGRAINE	Migraine in childhood.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol in the therapy of migraine. 44 case of ambulatory therapy with Dociton
MIGRAINE	Migraine and headache in children
MIGRAINE	Plasma serotonin and migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Primary osteoarthritis, migraine headaches, and motion sickness.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and related vascular headaches due to diabetogenic hyperinsulinism. Observations on pathogenesis and rational treatment in 421 patients.
MIGRAINE	Observations on successful management of the migraine syndrome using chlordiazepoxide.
MIGRAINE	Migraine treatment with dexamethasone.
MIGRAINE	The distinction between paroxysmal and non-paroxysmal migraine.
MIGRAINE	The control of cranial arteries by humoral mechanisms and its relation to the migraine syndrome.
MIGRAINE	Methysergide maleate (Sansert) and the prevention of migraine.
MIGRAINE	A pharmacological investigation of cerebro-spinal fluid from patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Apropos of migraine
MIGRAINE	Investigations of autonomic reactivity in migraine patients following the mediaphoretic method
MIGRAINE	Migraine and associated cerebral variants.
MIGRAINE	Etiopathogenesis and treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Decreased platelet 3H-imipramine binding sites in classical migraine.
MIGRAINE	Beta-adrenoceptor and epoprostenol (prostacyclin) responsiveness of lymphocytes in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Beta-endorphin and dihydroergotamine in migraine. Preliminary study
MIGRAINE	Migraine headache: epidemiologic perspectives.
MIGRAINE	Neuroendocrinological study of opioid and serotoninergic systems in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Further observations on the use of Suloctidil (Sulocton) in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Prostaglandin inhibitors and gastric factors in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Lignocaine versus saline in migraine pain.
MIGRAINE	Food allergy in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Food allergy in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Preventive treatment of migraine with enzyme induction by proxibarbal in a "double-blind" trial.
MIGRAINE	Results of treatment of migraine patients with cinnarizine and flunarizine
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Basilar migraine and viral meningitis.
MIGRAINE	Pathophysiology of migraine: a new hypothesis.
MIGRAINE	Interesting uses of beta blockers. 1. Beta blockers in migraine prevention.
MIGRAINE	Reactive hyperaemia and migraine.
MIGRAINE	The common migraine attack may not be initiated by cerebral ischaemia.
MIGRAINE	The pathophysiology of vegetative symptoms in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ranitidine in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Drugs in migraine. I. Preventive treatment
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a platelet disorder.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral cortex and migraine.
MIGRAINE	On the etiopathogenesis of migraine: a possible link between the amines and endorphin hypotheses.
MIGRAINE	Platelet aggregation, beta-blockers, and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Platelet aggregation in response to 5-HT in migraine patients taking oral contraceptives.
MIGRAINE	Platelet phenolsulphotransferase deficiency in dietary migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and platelets.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Calcium channel blockers in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Platelet nucleotides in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Platelet aggregation in patients using feverfew for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Beta-adrenoceptor blockade and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Nadolol and placebo comparison study in the prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Nadolol: its use in the prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prophylaxis of migraine with beta-blockers.
MIGRAINE	Is migraine food allergy? A double-blind controlled trial of oligoantigenic diet treatment.
MIGRAINE	Is migraine food allergy?
MIGRAINE	Food allergy and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Is migraine food allergy?
MIGRAINE	Hemianopsia and migraine
MIGRAINE	Towards a definition of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Transient and persistent neurological manifestations of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Definition of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Prevalence of Raynaud's phenomenon in patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Interval therapy of migraine. Pharmacological bases
MIGRAINE	Diltiazem prophylaxis in refractory migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a cerebral disorder.
MIGRAINE	Postpartum migraine and severe pre-eclampsia.
MIGRAINE	Beta-blocking drugs in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Practical experience of beta-blockade in migraine: a personal view.
MIGRAINE	Positron emission tomographic studies on induced migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine is a food-allergic disease.
MIGRAINE	Pre-eclampsia and post-partum migraine.
MIGRAINE	Food allergy and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Drugs for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Comparative study of nadolol and propranolol in prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Beta-blockers and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Drugs for alternating hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Nadolol and placebo comparison study in the prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Nadolol in the preventive treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Experiments on spreading depression in relation to migraine and neurosurgery.
MIGRAINE	Food allergy in migraine. Study of dietary exclusion and RAST.
MIGRAINE	The biochemistry of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Leucocyte histamine release in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Basilar migraine
MIGRAINE	5-OH-Tryptophane in migraine: clinical and neurophysiological considerations.
MIGRAINE	EEG computer analysis in patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Spectral analysis of photic stimulation in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Spectral analysis of visual potentials evoked by sine wave modulated light in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Increased plasma histamine levels in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Enkephalinase inhibition relieves pain syndromes of central dysnociception (migraine and related headache).
MIGRAINE	Plasma levels of beta-thromboglobulin and platelet factor 4 in migraine accompagnée
MIGRAINE	Migraine and hormonal contraceptives
MIGRAINE	Beta-thromboglobulin plasma levels in common migraine.
MIGRAINE	Electroencephalograms in basilar artery migraine.
MIGRAINE	Plasma tryptophan in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Skin temperature biofeedback and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Metabolic changes during the prodrome of a migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	A controlled study of the effect of oral contraceptives on migraine.
MIGRAINE	Platelet activity in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Platelet behavior in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine and childhood migraine: a pilot and double-blind study.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine in acute migraine.
MIGRAINE	Efficacy of flurbiprofen in migraine attacks?
MIGRAINE	Platelet behavior in classic migraine: responsiveness to small doses of aspirin.
MIGRAINE	Current aspects of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Platelet enzymes in common migraine
MIGRAINE	Role of platelet serotonin in common migraine. Concentrations and uptake
MIGRAINE	Ultrasonic Doppler flow in migraine and cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	Platelet activation in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraeflux; results in the field study of an anti-migraine agent
MIGRAINE	Study of platelet function in patients with migraine
MIGRAINE	Incidence of somnambulism in children with migraine
MIGRAINE	Study of platelet activation in migraine: control by low doses of aspirin.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of morning migraine. Clinical and biokinetic correlation of programmed-release dihydroergotamine
MIGRAINE	Trial treatment of migraine attack by rebreathing of expired air
MIGRAINE	Accompanying migraine disclosing meningioma
MIGRAINE	Platelet hyperactivity during acute migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine with proximal posterior cerebral artery vascular anomaly.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Myocardial ischaemia in migraine sufferers taking ergotamine.
MIGRAINE	Cerebrovascular accidents in patients with migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Migraine and tiapride. A controlled study (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Migraine with interparoxysmal sharp complexes in the EEG: clinical features and response to anticonvulsant drugs.
MIGRAINE	Clinical trial of suloctidil (sulocton) for the treatment of migraine (preliminary report)
MIGRAINE	False migraines
MIGRAINE	Effects on arterial receptors of ergot derivatives used in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Impairment of cerebral serotonin and energy metabolism during ischemia: relevance to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Serotonin and cyclic nucleotides in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Natural opioids in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine-like headache in intraventricular tumours.
MIGRAINE	Migraine patients exhibit abnormalities in the visual evoked potential.
MIGRAINE	Biochemical indices of sympathetic activity in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Intermittent hypoendorphinaemia in migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	Loss of consciousness in migraine
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine. A review of 30 cases.
MIGRAINE	Achlorhydric migraine: pathogenesis and management
MIGRAINE	Occlusive arteriopathy of the circle of Willis with outlined "Moya-Moya" network in a woman with migraine under oral contraception. Regressive course
MIGRAINE	Long-acting ergot: clinical and neuroendocrinological aspects in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Circulating beta-endorphin levels at various stages of life: possible connections with migraine pathogenesis.
MIGRAINE	Circadian variations of proopiocortin-related peptides in children with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Evaluation of central opioid tonus in menstrual migraine.
MIGRAINE	Impaired 5-hydroxytryptamine tachyphylaxis in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Is acute tolerance to 5-hydroxytryptamine opioid dependent? Its absence in migraine sufferers.
MIGRAINE	The migraine club: the value of patient groups in the prevention of migraine attacks
MIGRAINE	Suloctidil therapy in migraine: an open pilot study.
MIGRAINE	Plasma cyclic nucleotide responses to methacholine and epinephrine in patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Progressive impairment of CSF beta-EP levels in migraine sufferers.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine, a new preventive approach to migraine. A double-blind comparison with placebo.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, Tolosa-Hunt syndrome and pleocytosis. Correlation or coincidence?
MIGRAINE	Role of free fatty acids in the pathogenesis of migraine
MIGRAINE	Isopyrine-phenylbutazone for intractable migraine.
MIGRAINE	Changes in blood serotonin levels in patients with migraine headaches before and after a course of reflexotherapy
MIGRAINE	Neuro-otological manifestations of migraine.
MIGRAINE	A case of hemiplegic migraine treated with stellate ganglion block (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	The long term use of dihydroergotamine (DHE-45) in migraine treatment (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Prevention of the last chance: an alternative pharmacologic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Observations on the efficacy of propranolol for the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Nifedipine in the treatment of migraine in patients with Raynaud's phenomenon.
MIGRAINE	Experiences with a migraine compound in medical practice. A multicenter study with Avamigran
MIGRAINE	Biochemical predisposition to dietary migraine: the role of phenolsulphotransferase.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine, a calcium channel blocker: a new prophylactic drug in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Computer tomography of the brain in migraine (review)
MIGRAINE	Inhibition of peptidase degrading endogenous opioids: a new trend in the management of migraine and correlated "pain diseases".
MIGRAINE	Acupuncture therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Double blind comparison of mefenamic acid and acetaminophen (paracetamol) in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Nimodipine, a new calcium antagonist, in the prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback and relaxation in the treatment of migraine headaches: comparative effectiveness and physiological correlates.
MIGRAINE	The outcome of pregnancy in women suffering from migraine.
MIGRAINE	Naloxone effectiveness on spontaneous and induced perceptive disorders in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Atenolol for migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Ibuprofen compared with paracetamol in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Food allergy in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ergot derivatives in the prophylaxis of migraine: a multicentric study with a timed-release dihydroergotamine formulation.
MIGRAINE	Planned release dihydroergotamine in common migraine and "tension-vascular headache": multicentre clinical trial.
MIGRAINE	Diet and migraine: a review of the literature.
MIGRAINE	Mast cells and migraines.
MIGRAINE	Therapy of migraine crises: experience with clonidine
MIGRAINE	Verapamil prophylaxis of migraine. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
MIGRAINE	Clinical effectiveness of calcium entry blockers in prophylactic treatment of migraine and cluster headaches.
MIGRAINE	The pharmacology of calcium channel antagonists: a novel class of anti-migraine agents?
MIGRAINE	Parenteral chlorpromazine treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Effectiveness of biofeedback for treating migraine and tension headaches: a review of the evidence.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Certain foods provoke migraine.
MIGRAINE	Timolol vs propranolol vs placebo in common migraine prophylaxis: a double-blind multicenter trial.
MIGRAINE	The prevention and treatment of migraine with an analgesic combination.
MIGRAINE	Multimodal biofeedback in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine--a new agent for migraine prevention. Results of a double-blind comparison with placebo
MIGRAINE	Menstrual migraine headache: results of a controlled, experimental, outcome study of non-drug treatments.
MIGRAINE	Effervescent metoclopramide and aspirin (Migravess) versus effervescent aspirin or placebo for migraine attacks: a double-blind study.
MIGRAINE	Dopamine blockade with domperidone: bridge between prophylactic and abortive treatment of migraine? A dose-finding study.
MIGRAINE	Migraine pathogenesis: the neural hypothesis reexamined.
MIGRAINE	Use of nicergoline (Sermion) in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Multimodal migraine treatment: does thermal feedback add to the outcome?
MIGRAINE	Migraine prevention with timolol. A double-blind crossover study.
MIGRAINE	Clinical trial of flupirtine maleate in patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Neuro-ophthalmic complications of migraine and cluster headaches.
MIGRAINE	Metoprolol and propranolol in migraine prophylaxis: a double-blind multicentre study.
MIGRAINE	Pizotifen once daily in the prophylaxis of migraine: results of a multi-centre general practice study.
MIGRAINE	Tolfenamic acid, metoclopramide, caffeine and their combinations in the treatment of migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback and relaxation therapy for patients with migraine and tension headaches
MIGRAINE	A review of the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback training in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Diagnosis of migraine and vasomotoric cephalea
MIGRAINE	Therapy of migraine and vasomotor cephalea
MIGRAINE	Migraine and allergy
MIGRAINE	Role of blood platelets in the pathogenesis of migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and vascular headache
MIGRAINE	Doppler ultrasound studies of the extracranial cerebral vessels in migraine patients after ergotamine tartrate administration
MIGRAINE	Treatment of the acute migraine attack--current status.
MIGRAINE	CT changes associated with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Recognition and management of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine. Current concepts of pathogenesis and treatment.
MIGRAINE	Migraine prevention by a calcium channel blocker. Results of a double-blind study of flunarizine vs. pizotifen
MIGRAINE	Migraine, headache, and survival in women.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, headache, and survival in women.
MIGRAINE	Regulation of regional cerebral blood flow during and between migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, headache, and survival in women.
MIGRAINE	Practice problem migraine
MIGRAINE	Low bioavailability of ergotamine tartrate after oral and rectal administration in migraine sufferers.
MIGRAINE	Current aspects of migraine therapy. Multiple approaches
MIGRAINE	Benign paroxysmal vertigo in childhood: a migraine equivalent.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, seizures and epileptic focal E.E.G. abnormalities in a young adult: a nine-year follow-up.
MIGRAINE	Fears aroused in patients by migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ergotism with intestinal gangrene. Chronic intoxication with ergotamine tartrate in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Metoprolol and propranolol in the prophylactic treatment of classical and common migraine. A double-blind study.
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine toxicity and serum concentrations of ergotamine in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: new views on an old theory.
MIGRAINE	Brief psychological training procedures in migraine treatment.
MIGRAINE	Severe migraine accompagnée with computer tomographic findings
MIGRAINE	An intelligent person's guide to migraine management.
MIGRAINE	Prevalence of migraine in patients with diabetes.
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Drug management of adult vascular headaches (migraine and cluster headache): Part II--Prevention and attacks.
MIGRAINE	The migraine disease
MIGRAINE	Vasomotoric and cerebral blood-flow changes in the migraine crisis
MIGRAINE	Biochemical interpretation of the migraine crisis
MIGRAINE	Usual aspects of the migraine crisis
MIGRAINE	How far can migraine go?
MIGRAINE	The treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	A case of multiple cerebrovascular and migraine episodes caused by the use of oral contraceptives
MIGRAINE	Clinical and electroencephalographic aspects of confusional migraine in adults
MIGRAINE	Laterality of migraine and reported affect. The relevance of an hypothesis concerning the nature of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Platelet function in migraineurs.
MIGRAINE	Dreams which culminate in migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and systemic scleroderma.
MIGRAINE	Migraine headaches and depression.
MIGRAINE	Parenteral chlorpromazine for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Elevated IgM in dietary migraine with lactase deficiency.
MIGRAINE	Cerebrospinal-fluid abnormalities associated with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Nifedipine in the treatment of migraine headache and amaurosis fugax in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in childhood.
MIGRAINE	Episodic unilateral mydriasis and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Noradrenergic nervous activity in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Transitory confusion after minor head injury: a migraine variant syndrome.
MIGRAINE	Therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Emotional stress and migraine; an exploratory empirical study
MIGRAINE	Basilar migraine
MIGRAINE	Abdominal migraine and food sensitivity in children.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine: a wide spectrum prophylactic for migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Personality factors in classical migraine and tension headache.
MIGRAINE	Bilateral cervical carotid and intracranial vasospasm causing cerebral ischemia in a migrainous patient: a case of "diplegic migraine".
MIGRAINE	Delayed onset dystonia following hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Patient motivation in the treatment of migraine. A non-medicinal study.
MIGRAINE	Migraine due to hydrocephalus.
MIGRAINE	Entero-pancreatic hormones in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The role of diet in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prevalence of migraine and cluster headache in Swedish men of 18.
MIGRAINE	Physical characteristics and allergic history in young men with migraine and other headaches.
MIGRAINE	The five hour glucose tolerance test and effect of low sucrose diet in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Toxic effects of ergotamine used for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Serum concentrations of propranolol and migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Increased prevalence of mitral valve prolapse in patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Facial temperature in migraine, tension-vascular and tension headache.
MIGRAINE	The prevalence of diet-induced migraine.
MIGRAINE	Intracranial arteriovenous malformation and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clinical characteristics of migraine in childhood
MIGRAINE	Basilar migraine with alexia but not agraphia: arterial spasm on arteriography and the effect of naloxone
MIGRAINE	Pathogenesis and surgical therapy of migraine attacks caused by weather (Foehn) and menstruation.
MIGRAINE	Vasospastic syndrome in a young women with migraine, Raynaud's disease, cerebral ischemia and myocardial infarction
MIGRAINE	Cortical edema in hemoplegic migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine. II. Treatment.
MIGRAINE	Mental confusion in childhood migraine
MIGRAINE	Drug management of adult vascular headaches (migraine and cluster headache): Part I--Treatment of the acute attack.
MIGRAINE	Platelet aggregability, disaggregability and serotonin uptake in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The role of estrogen in migraine: a review and hypothesis.
MIGRAINE	The resurrection of a magical reality: treatment of functional migraine in a child.
MIGRAINE	Propanolol ('Inderal') in the treatment of childhood migraine.
MIGRAINE	Decreased thromboxane production in migraine patients during headache-free period.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of childhood migraine using autogenic feedback training.
MIGRAINE	Symptomatic migraine
MIGRAINE	Moods that predict coming migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Mandibular dysfunction in patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Salicylate prophylaxis in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Concerning the article by Iu. N. Aver'ianov, A. F. Fordienko and Ch. N. Krotov, "Indomethacin-sensitive variant of migraine neuralgia"
MIGRAINE	Mechanism of tyramine-induced migraine: similarity with dopamine and interactions with disulfiram and propranolol in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	A new therapeutic approach to menstrual migraine
MIGRAINE	Use of various benzamides (sulpiride, tiapride) in the preventive treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Analysis of migraine with general psychologic stress concepts. Time series analyses for a single case
MIGRAINE	Effect of migraine attacks on paracetamol absorption.
MIGRAINE	Abdominal migraine in adults
MIGRAINE	Platelet aggregation in migraine and other headaches
MIGRAINE	A cognitive-behavioral study of self-reported stress factors in migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Verapamil in prophylactic therapy of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prevalence of migraine and other headaches in early puberty.
MIGRAINE	Some clinical aspects of a hemiplegic migraine patient.
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Transitory decrease in platelet monoamine-oxidase activity during migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Migraine secondary to head trauma in wrestling. A case report.
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine--a personal account.
MIGRAINE	Early morning migraine. Nocturnal plasma levels of catecholamines, tryptophan, glucose, and free fatty acids and sleep encephalographs.
MIGRAINE	Huatuo Jiaji points for migraine: 70 cases.
MIGRAINE	You can help the migraine patient.
MIGRAINE	The natural history of acute confusional migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treating migraine with biofeedback: a nurse therapist's view.
MIGRAINE	Fatal migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Mood and migraine--a preliminary prospective study.
MIGRAINE	Myofascial pain and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Acupuncture in the prophylactic treatment of migraine headaches: pilot study.
MIGRAINE	Acupuncture and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Tourette's syndrome and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Face and head pain, migraine, neuralgiform pain, trigeminal neuralgia
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine with electropuncture
MIGRAINE	Femoxetine - a new 5-HT uptake inhibitor - and propranolol in the prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine headache:--the prophylactic role of an isopyrin-phebuzine compound (Tomanol).
MIGRAINE	Steady-state visual evoked potentials during migraine prophylaxis by propranolol and femoxetine.
MIGRAINE	Regional cerebral blood flow during migraine attacks by Xenon-133 inhalation and emission tomography.
MIGRAINE	Chorea and migraine: "Hemicrania choreatica"?
MIGRAINE	Platelet met-enkephalin immunoreactivity and 5-hydroxytryptamine concentrations in migraine patients: effects of 5-hydroxytryptophan, amitriptyline and chlorimipramine treatment.
MIGRAINE	Value of the piribedil test in diagnosing migraine. Apropos of 150 cases
MIGRAINE	Migraine and the heart.
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Successful analgesia in migraine by short infusion of ceruletide
MIGRAINE	Cerebrovascular accidents and migraine
MIGRAINE	Accumulated incidence of ovarian cysts, cystic mammopathies and other connective-tissue hyperplasias in patients with migraine
MIGRAINE	On the treatment of migraine. Pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic relationships for a programmed release formulation of dihydroergotamine administered orally in the human.
MIGRAINE	Menstrual migraine: intermittent prophylaxis with a timed-release pharmacological formulation of dihydroergotamine.
MIGRAINE	Progress in migraine: treatment with dihydroergotamine-retard.
MIGRAINE	DHE retard for prophylactic therapy of migraine: efficacy and tolerability.
MIGRAINE	Psychological aspects of migraine in childhood.
MIGRAINE	Concluding remarks on the Capri symposium: myths, facts and new trends in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The periodic syndrome in pediatric migraine sufferers.
MIGRAINE	In-home parent training, treatment of migraine headaches, and marital counseling as an ecobehavioral approach to prevent child abuse.
MIGRAINE	Prophylactic treatment of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	EEG markers of migraine in children and adults.
MIGRAINE	Fetal demise in a migraine patient on propranolol.
MIGRAINE	Absolute and proportional resting EMG levels in muscle contraction and migraine headache patients.
MIGRAINE	Changes in EMG power spectra during fatigue in muscle contraction and migraine headache patients.
MIGRAINE	Locked-in syndrome with rapid recovery: a manifestation of basilar artery migraine?
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine by acupuncture.
MIGRAINE	Prophylactic treatment of classical and non-classical migraine with metoprolol--a comparison with placebo.
MIGRAINE	Effects of dietary protein-tryptophan restriction upon 5-HT uptake by platelets and clinical symptoms in migraine-like headache.
MIGRAINE	Presence of alpha-adrenoceptors in human temporal arteries. Comparison between migraine patients and controls.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: definition and classification.
MIGRAINE	Total IgE, specific IgE and prick-tests against foods in common migraine--a prospective study.
MIGRAINE	Milk protein-free diet for nonseasonal asthma and migraine in lactase-deficient patients.
MIGRAINE	Brainstem influences on the cephalic circulation: experimental data from cat and monkey of relevance to the mechanism of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Stress, temporal artery activity, and pain in migraine headache: a prospective analysis.
MIGRAINE	Aspects of drug therapy in migraine (review of the literature)
MIGRAINE	Cerebral vascular changes and plasma dopamine beta-hydroxylase activity in migraine
MIGRAINE	Complement activation in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine as an organic cause of monocular diplopia.
MIGRAINE	Changes in the cerebral hemodynamics of migraine in children during the interictal period
MIGRAINE	Temporal artery pulse amplitude wave shapes in migraineurs: a methodological investigation.
MIGRAINE	Temperature biofeedback in the treatment of children with migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Further studies on the complement system in migraine
MIGRAINE	Blood volume pulse biofeedback in the treatment of migraine headache: a controlled evaluation.
MIGRAINE	Platelet aggregation and platelet and plasma fatty acid levels in the child with migraine. Apropos of 40 case reports
MIGRAINE	Lisuride as a migraine prophylactic in children: an open clinical trial.
MIGRAINE	Childhood migraine and somnambulism.
MIGRAINE	Diurnal rhythm of the bioelectrical activity of the brain and blood serotonin level in patients with migraine
MIGRAINE	Transient global amnesia and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of menstrual migraine by oestradiol implants.
MIGRAINE	The transient global amnesia-migraine connection.
MIGRAINE	Effects of migraine attack and metoclopramide on the absorption of tolfenamic acid.
MIGRAINE	Cognitive impairment in patients with severe migraine.
MIGRAINE	How to treat migraine.
MIGRAINE	Regional cerebral hemodynamics during migraine and cluster headaches measured by the 133Xe inhalation method.
MIGRAINE	HL-A antigens in cluster headache and classical migraine.
MIGRAINE	Danazol and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Modification of combined migraine-muscle contraction headaches using BVP and EMG feedback.
MIGRAINE	Is migraine a manifestation of food allergy?
MIGRAINE	A validity study of the MMPI Alexithymia subscale conducted on migraine headache outpatients.
MIGRAINE	Marital migraine: a refractory daily headache.
MIGRAINE	Childhood migraine--a dangerous diagnosis?
MIGRAINE	Migraine as an etiology of stroke in young adults.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and cluster headache: links between platelet monoamine oxidase activity, smoking and personality.
MIGRAINE	Further evidence on the association of mitral valve prolapse and migraine.
MIGRAINE	More on the iris and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Menstrual migraine and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents.
MIGRAINE	Acupuncture for migraine reduces bowel activity.
MIGRAINE	Imagery coping strategies in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine in AS hemoglobinopathy.
MIGRAINE	Classification and symptomatology of migraine
MIGRAINE	Toward a coding method of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Calcium channel blockers and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Relative potency and selectivity of calcium antagonists used in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Psychophysiological reactivity in migraine following biofeedback.
MIGRAINE	Behavioral assessment and treatment of child migraine: implications for clinical research and practice.
MIGRAINE	The liver and migraine
MIGRAINE	Acute third nerve paralysis secondary to migraine.
MIGRAINE	The interval treatment of migraine with nocertone
MIGRAINE	Acupuncture versus medical treatment for migraine and muscle tension headaches.
MIGRAINE	Serum complement and immunoglobulins in patients with common migraine
MIGRAINE	Cranial computed tomography in pediatric migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in children
MIGRAINE	Kinetics and thermolability of platelet monoamine oxidase in cluster headache and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Histamine release from leucocytes during migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine in infancy.
MIGRAINE	Psychophysiological characteristics of migraine and tension headache patients. Differential effects of sex and pain state.
MIGRAINE	Drug abuse in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Visual disturbances in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Double-blind study of oxetorone in patients with migraine or migrainous headache (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	More parenteral medications for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Diet and migraine.
MIGRAINE	The epidemiology and genetics of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in childhood.
MIGRAINE	Autogenic biofeedback treatment for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and the blood-brain barrier.
MIGRAINE	Brain hypoxia: the turning-point in the genesis of the migraine attack?
MIGRAINE	Controlled therapeutic trials in migraine: methodology and results
MIGRAINE	Menstruation and migraine
MIGRAINE	Femoxetine in the prophylaxis of migraine--a randomised comparison with placebo.
MIGRAINE	Migraine treatment and its biological implications.
MIGRAINE	The prophylactic effect of timolol versus propranolol and placebo in common migraine: beta-blockers in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Comparison of flunarizine (Sibelium) and pizotifen (Sandomigran) in migraine treatment: a double-blind study.
MIGRAINE	Chlormezanone in the treatment of migraine attacks: a double blind comparison with diazepam and placebo.
MIGRAINE	Pleural thickening caused by Sansert and Ergotrate in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	The EEG during the hemiplegic migraine attack of children
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Arterial response to ergotamine tartrate in abusing and non-abusing migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Focal hyperemia followed by spreading oligemia and impaired activation of rCBF in classic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cyclical migraine.
MIGRAINE	Pathogenesis of migraine
MIGRAINE	Effervescent ergotamine tartrate (Effergot) in the treatment of the acute migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	Platelet activation: its possible role in the migraine mechanism.
MIGRAINE	Rebreathing aborts migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Domperidone in the prevention of complete classical migraine.
MIGRAINE	A plain man's guide to the management of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine headaches in children: treatment.
MIGRAINE	Arterial complications of migraine treatment with methysergide and parenteral ergotamine.
MIGRAINE	Nitroglycerin for ergotism. Experimental studies in vitro and in migraine patients and treatment of an overt case.
MIGRAINE	Local regulation of subcutaneous blood flow in normal subjects and in migraine patients before and after single-dose ergotamine tartrate.
MIGRAINE	Me and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Lower extremity ischemia due to combined drug therapy for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cyclic migraine: a disorder responsive to lithium carbonate.
MIGRAINE	Benign focal epileptiform discharges in childhood migraine (BFEDC).
MIGRAINE	Migraine accompagnée
MIGRAINE	Reversible alexia without agraphia due to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Changes in the prevalence of migraine and other headaches during the first seven school years.
MIGRAINE	Iris adrenergic sensitivity and migraine in pediatric patients.
MIGRAINE	Migraine prophylaxis: prognostic significance of clinical factors.
MIGRAINE	Flunarizine, a calcium channel blocker, in the prophylactic treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Extracranial vascular changes and the source of pain in migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Investigation of 80 migraine patients by means of three personality inventories (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Cerebral angiographic changes on serial examination of a patient with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Footballer's migraine--a report of 2 cases.
MIGRAINE	Clinical study of oxetorone in catamenial migraine. Comparison of two posological diagrams (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Thrombocyte function in vasomotor and migraine headaches
MIGRAINE	Evidence for physiological response stereotypy in migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, a risk factor for ischemic cerebral stroke
MIGRAINE	Treatment expectancy and therapeutic change in treatment of migraine headache: are they related?
MIGRAINE	Successful alleviation of migraine pain with short ceruletide infusion
MIGRAINE	Goggle migraine.
MIGRAINE	Histamine release from leucocytes in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine patients exhibit abnormalities in the visual evoked potential.
MIGRAINE	Medical evaluation of migraineurs: review of the value of laboratory and radiologic tests.
MIGRAINE	A comparison of MMPI personality data and frontalis electromyographic readings in migraine and combination headache patients.
MIGRAINE	Low-dose propranolol therapy for aborting migraine.
MIGRAINE	Pediatric migraine.
MIGRAINE	Acid lysuride maleate in the prevention of migraine headache. Clinical experience
MIGRAINE	Childhood migraine and motion sickness.
MIGRAINE	Rare case of ophthalmoplegic migraine
MIGRAINE	Propranolol and acetylsalicylic acid in migraine prophylaxis. Double-blind crossover study.
MIGRAINE	Cyclic vomiting and recurrent abdominal pains as migraine or epileptic equivalents.
MIGRAINE	Immunoglobulins and complement in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Non-familial hemiplegic migraine responsive to naloxone.
MIGRAINE	"Daily" common migraine: psychosocial predictors of outcomes of medical therapy.
MIGRAINE	Epidemiology of migraine 'a personal view'.
MIGRAINE	Analysis of some commercial preparations for migraine treatment using ion-pair high-performance liquid chromatography with addition of salts to the mobile phase.
MIGRAINE	Atonic attacks in migraine
MIGRAINE	Benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood: a migraine equivalent
MIGRAINE	Effects of Tenuate (an anorexiant) on migraine.
MIGRAINE	Changes in regional cerebral blood flow during the course of classic migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	An integrated blood volume pulse biofeedback system for migraine treatment.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback applications to migraine and tension headaches: a double-blinded outcome study.
MIGRAINE	Aspirin pharmacokinetics in migraine. The effect of metoclopramide.
MIGRAINE	Bilateral cephalic blood volume pulse recordings in a migraineur and a non-migraineur.
MIGRAINE	Perception of stimulus intensity by migraine and non-migraine subjects.
MIGRAINE	Clinical value of a dopaminergic agonist administration in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	CT scanning in classic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Slow habituation in migraine patients: do they invest too much attentional capacity?
MIGRAINE	Migraine in general practice.
MIGRAINE	Effect of free fatty acids (FFA) on platelet serotonin (5-HT) release in normals and migraineurs.
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine (migraine accompagnée) in children. Clinical characteristics and course in 40 personal cases.
MIGRAINE	Migraine headaches in children.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmic migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraines and anti-migraine drugs
MIGRAINE	Causes, pathophysiology and therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Who has the best to offer migraineurs?
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Hidden handicaps. Migraine: current research and treatment.
MIGRAINE	Drugs in migraine. I. Treatment of individual attacks
MIGRAINE	Mr. Migraine. Interview by Laurence Dopson.
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Drug stop: migraine headache. Current therapy.
MIGRAINE	If one knew what migraine is
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine treated by inhalation sedation using nitrous oxide and oxygen.
MIGRAINE	Clinical aspects and therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Blood platelet 5-hydroxytryptamine accumulation and migraine.
MIGRAINE	The syndrome of transient global amnesia in migraine: a follow-up study.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and headache due to weather and allied causes and its specific treatment.
MIGRAINE	Migraine treatment is no myth.
MIGRAINE	Left-handedness: association with immune disease, migraine, and developmental learning disorder.
MIGRAINE	Current methods of migraine reflexotherapy
MIGRAINE	Vestibular function in migraine.
MIGRAINE	T-lymphocytes in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Immunity in migraine: the effect of heparin.
MIGRAINE	Effect of reflexotherapy on catecholamine excretion in migraine
MIGRAINE	Control of head pain in migraine using transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation.
MIGRAINE	Changes in platelet function and blood serotonin level in migraine patients during treatment with femoxetine.
MIGRAINE	Spreading cerebral oligemia in classical- and normal cerebral blood flow in common migraine.
MIGRAINE	Association of ophthalmoplegic migraine with familial acute anterior uveitis.
MIGRAINE	Tolfenamic acid and caffeine: a useful combination in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Platelet antagonists in migraine prophylaxis. A clinical trial using aspirin and dipyridamole.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ferrum quartz in the prevention of migraine. A double-blind study
MIGRAINE	Migraine headache: signs and symptoms, biochemistry, and current therapy.
MIGRAINE	Naproxen in the prevention of migraine attacks. A double-blind placebo-controlled cross-over study.
MIGRAINE	Migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: current approach to prevention and treatment.
MIGRAINE	A combined behavioral approach with long term follow-up for the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Why does migraine improve during a clinical trial? Further results from a trial of cervical manipulation for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Comparative trial of Tenormin (atenolol) and Inderal (propranolol) in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Review article: current thoughts on migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of disease without the use of drugs. III. Self-treatment of migraine by thought control.
MIGRAINE	Migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	The use of an isopyrine-phenylbutazone compound in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol (Inderal) and clonidine (Catapressan) in the prophylactic treatment of migraine. A comparative trial.
MIGRAINE	Catecholamines and migraine: evidence based on biofeedback induced changes.
MIGRAINE	The role of clonidine in the treatment of migraine: a review of the literature and personal experience.
MIGRAINE	Comparative trial of Tenormin (atenolol) and Inderal (propranolol) in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Comparison of four biofeedback treatments for migraine headache: physiological and headache variables.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and its treatment through functional relaxation
MIGRAINE	Clomipramine in the prevention of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cimetidine in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Preventive treatment of serotonin-migraine with 1,3,4,14b-tetrahydro-2,7-dimethyl-2H-dibenzo(b,f)pyrazino-(1,2--d)-(1,4)-oxazepine hydrogen maleate (Org GC 94). A double-blind study.
MIGRAINE	Trial of prevention of common migraine with chenodeoxycholic acid
MIGRAINE	Pharmacology of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a biochemical headache?
MIGRAINE	Prophylaxis of migraine and mixed headache. A randomized controlled study.
MIGRAINE	Prostaglandins: their effect on cerebral blood vessels and role in the pathogenesis of migraine
MIGRAINE	The effect of infused prostacyclin in migraine and cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	How I manage migraine.
MIGRAINE	A double-blind placebo-controlled prophylactic study of flunarizine (Sibelium) in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Psychosomatic therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Propranolol and femoxetine, a HT-uptake inhibitor, in migraine prophylaxis. A double-blind crossover study.
MIGRAINE	Self-hypnosis and biofeedback in the management of juvenile migraine.
MIGRAINE	Overview of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Serotonin precursors in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Dopaminergic hypersensitivity in migraine: a diagnostic test? (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Propranolol in the treatment of migraine and similar headaches
MIGRAINE	Brain hypoxia in migraine: pathophysiologic and therapeutic implications.
MIGRAINE	Evaluation of pericranial tenderness and oral function in patients with common migraine, muscle contraction headache and 'combination headache'.
MIGRAINE	Is ischemia involved in the pathogenesis of migraine?
MIGRAINE	Prophylactic treatment of migraine with tolfenamic acid. A comparative double-blind crossover study between tolfenamic acid and placebo.
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine during the growing years. Clinical study of a personal case series
MIGRAINE	Contribution to our knowledge about complicated migraine. Clinical and instrumental study
MIGRAINE	Prolonged consciousness disorders in attacks of basilar artery migraine
MIGRAINE	Mechanisms of fever occurring in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Comments on A. P. Friedman's report: Overview of migraine.
MIGRAINE	A new nonvascular interpretation of syncopal migraine.
MIGRAINE	What is a migraine?
MIGRAINE	Blood platelet 5-hydroxytryptamine accumulation and migraine.
MIGRAINE	The use of platelet inhibitors in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine as a blood disorder: preliminary studies.
MIGRAINE	A putative 5-HT central feedback in migraine and cluster headache attacks.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and the mitral valve prolapse syndrome.
MIGRAINE	Platelet aggregation in migraine patients during the headache-free interval.
MIGRAINE	Platelet monoamine oxidase in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The evolution of thinking about the role and site of action of serotonin in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Some aspects of the dopaminergic action of ergot derivatives and their role in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraines may manifest as vertigo.
MIGRAINE	Subjects' descriptions of tension and migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine accompanied by a meningeal lymphocytic reaction
MIGRAINE	Bencyclane (Halidor) in the treatment of migraine and similar headaches
MIGRAINE	Use of propranolol in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	A study of migraine in systemic lupus erythematosus.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: effect of digoxin.
MIGRAINE	Drug treatment of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, thrombocytopenia, and serotonin metabolism.
MIGRAINE	Prolonged migraine aura status.
MIGRAINE	Correlation between pharmacokinetics and clinical effects of ergotamine in patients suffering from migraine.
MIGRAINE	The effects of unilateral plethysmographic feedback of temporal artery activity during migraine head pain.
MIGRAINE	Middle cerebral artery occlusion with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Alternating hemiplegia: complicated migraine of infancy.
MIGRAINE	Focal migraine attacks without headaches (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Transformation of episodic migraine into daily headache: analysis of factors.
MIGRAINE	Frontal intermittent rhythmic delta activity. Impairment of consciousness and migraine.
MIGRAINE	An occurrence of complicated migraine during propranolol therapy.
MIGRAINE	Resolution of migraine attacks: sleep and the recovery phase.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral ischemia associated with parenteral terbutaline use in pregnant migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine optic neuropathy.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol for acute migraine.
MIGRAINE	Life-threatening migraine.
MIGRAINE	Olfactory hallucination in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cyclical migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Ischemic optic neuropathy in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Epilepsy, migraine, and EEG abnormalities in children: a review and hypothesis.
MIGRAINE	Cardiac arrhythmia in basilar migraine.
MIGRAINE	Episodes of acute confusion or psychosis in familial hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Co-occurring ophthalmoplegia and hemiparesis in a case of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Change in platelet taurine and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Lateral medullary syndrome after basilar migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and other primary headaches
MIGRAINE	Heat-induced migraine and its treatment
MIGRAINE	Psychodynamics of migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Psychophysiological response patterns in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Common migraine attacks preceded by focal hyperemia and parietal oligemia in the rCBF pattern.
MIGRAINE	Aspirin treatment of migraine attacks: plasma drug level data.
MIGRAINE	Gastrin levels in patients with migraine and cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	Modifying migraine headache through rational stage directed hypnotherapy: a cognitive-experiential perspective.
MIGRAINE	Clinical features of migraine in Malaysians.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine with vasoconstrictive and hand-warming biofeedback: a pilot project
MIGRAINE	Neurologic complications of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Out-of-body experiences and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Platelet serotonin uptake and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Aspirin treatment of migraine attacks: clinical observations.
MIGRAINE	Platelet size: no correlation with migraine or monoamine oxidase activity.
MIGRAINE	Hemiplegic migraine in childhood: diagnostic and therapeutic aspects.
MIGRAINE	New approach in migraine prevention.
MIGRAINE	Migraine associated with hypoglossal nerve paralysis?
MIGRAINE	Selective and non-selective beta-blockers: are both effective in prophylaxis of migraine? A clinical trial versus methysergide.
MIGRAINE	An evaluation of hypnotic susceptibility and peripheral temperature elevation in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Characterization of 5-hydroxytryptamine receptors in human temporal arteries: comparison between migraine suffers and nonsufferers.
MIGRAINE	Evidence for sympathetic deactivation by temporal vasoconstriction- and digital vasodilation-biofeedback in migraine patients: a reply to Elmore and Tursky and a new hypothesis.
MIGRAINE	Cervical discopathy, cervical migraine and vertebrobasilar arterial insufficiency: Clinical correlations
MIGRAINE	Case of hemiphlegic migraine with atypical angiographic findings
MIGRAINE	Progestational agents for the treatment of women with migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine trust.
MIGRAINE	The Princess Margaret Migraine Clinic, Charing Cross Hospital, London.
MIGRAINE	Migraine headaches. Clinical and therapeutic aspects.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in childhood.
MIGRAINE	Abdominal migraine.
MIGRAINE	Is food allergy a cause of migraine?
MIGRAINE	The relevance of the hypothalamus and of the hypophysis in the control of nociception. Possible involvement in cephalees and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine and cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and epilepsy
MIGRAINE	Migraine. Psychosomatic illness review: No. 1 in a series.
MIGRAINE	Emergency departments for migraine patients increases hospital admissions
MIGRAINE	Migraine and oral contraceptives.
MIGRAINE	Acquired learning problems secondary to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treating migraine by training in temporal artery vasoconstriction and/or cognitive behavioral coping: a one-year follow-up.
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine, epilepsy and tomodensitometric hypodensity
MIGRAINE	Amitriptyline as a prophylactic for migraine in children.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in children: a medical and psychiatric study.
MIGRAINE	Physiopathology and treatment of the migraine crisis
MIGRAINE	Migraine
MIGRAINE	Diagnosis of migraine
MIGRAINE	Self-control procedures in biofeedback: a review of temperature biofeedback in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Irreversible campimetric manifestations following migraine attacks
MIGRAINE	Treatment of menstrual cycle associated migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a rational approach to therapy.
MIGRAINE	Kinetics of ergotamine after intravenous and intramuscular administration to migraine sufferers.
MIGRAINE	Platelet lipid composition in human migraine.
MIGRAINE	Platelet membrane lipid composition and the frequency of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Long-term study of propranolol in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Single-dose pizotifen, 1.5 mg nocte: a new approach in the prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine as a model of neurogenic ischemia.
MIGRAINE	An unusual case of ophthalmoplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Action of some pericranial muscles during provoked attacks of common migraine.
MIGRAINE	Electromyography of pericranial muscles during treatment of spontaneous common migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Serum gastrin in patients with migraine and Horton's headache
MIGRAINE	Migraine: clinical, biochemical and hemodynamic description
MIGRAINE	The many faces of childhood migraine
MIGRAINE	Cerebral infarction and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Basilar migraine? Seizures, and severe epileptic EEG abnormalities.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Chronoelectroencephalographic studies in migraine and related headaches
MIGRAINE	Transient global amnesia and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Vascular shunt mechanisms and migraine pathogenesis.
MIGRAINE	Menstrual migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine: not just a headache.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and CSF pleocytosis.
MIGRAINE	Need for gastric acidification in the treatment of abdominal migraine. Results of a multicenter study on the association of Séglor retard and Vagosérine
MIGRAINE	Migraines and antimigraine agents
MIGRAINE	Migraine in children
MIGRAINE	Psychiatric approaches to migraine
MIGRAINE	Estrogens and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Psychophysiological studies of headache: is there similarity between migraine and muscle contraction headaches?
MIGRAINE	Is volitional manipulation of hemodynamics a valid rationale for biofeedback therapy of migraine?
MIGRAINE	Divascan in migraine prophylaxis. Open trial with three different doses.
MIGRAINE	The role of diet in migraine: conditioned taste aversion.
MIGRAINE	Complement and immune complex studies in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Some clinical features of the acute migraine attack. An analysis of 750 patients.
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine in a child: excellent response to propranolol.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and epilepsy.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine: ischemic or compressive neuropathy?
MIGRAINE	Hemicranial disorder of vasomotor adrenoceptors in migraine and cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	Interval therapy of migraine: long-term results.
MIGRAINE	"Benign recurrent vertigo" and its connection with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Symptom substitution and biofeedback treatment of migraine headache: a comment.
MIGRAINE	The effect of an antiserotonin agent pizotifen on platelet aggregability in migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Localisation of neurological symptoms in migraine accompagnée (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Prevalence of migraine in a working population group in the Aquitaine region. Methodology and results (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Single case study basilar artery migraine presenting as conversion hysteria.
MIGRAINE	Acute headaches: presenting symptoms and diagnostic rules to identify patients with tension and migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine
MIGRAINE	Psychophysiological aspects of migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Vestibular testing in basilar artery migraine.
MIGRAINE	Specific and non-specific effects of skin temperature control in migraine management.
MIGRAINE	Prevalence and significance of muscle tenderness during common migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Complement studies in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Recurrent painless oculomotor palsy in children. A variant of ophthalmoplegic migraine?
MIGRAINE	Migraine and tension headache: is there a physiological difference?
MIGRAINE	Use of ergot preparations in acute migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Case of a particularly severe migraine in a boy
MIGRAINE	Incidence of migraine among physicians of the city of Lód and their families
MIGRAINE	Managing migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral blood flow in migraine without headache.
MIGRAINE	Role of individual free fatty acids in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Computerized axial tomography of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Observations on the treatment of an acute attack of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Reflex vasomotor function: clinical and experimental studies in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Toleration and effectiveness of pizotifen in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Vasomotor phenomena, platelet antagonism and migraine therapy.
MIGRAINE	Implications of the platelet monoamine oxidase deficit during migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Visual evoked potentials in migraine subjects.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral blood flow in migraine and cluster headache. Compartmental analysis and reactivity to anaesthetic depression.
MIGRAINE	Arteriovenous shunting and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Lithium in migraine and cluster headache: a review.
MIGRAINE	Permanent monocular visual defect, an unusual complication of migraine
MIGRAINE	The diagnosis and management of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Platelet dysfunction and migraines.
MIGRAINE	Metoclopramide (Primperan) in migraine
MIGRAINE	Management of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Barometric pressure and other factors in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Hyperresponsiveness of migraine patients to bromocriptine.
MIGRAINE	Mechanism of the biofeedback therapy of migraine: volitional manipulation of the psychophysiological background.
MIGRAINE	A comparison of two psychophysiological approaches to the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Exacerbation of migraine by treatment with lithium.
MIGRAINE	Pupillary dysautonomia and migraine: is Adie's pupil caused by migraine?
MIGRAINE	The differential contribution of muscle contraction and migraine symptoms to problem headache in the general population.
MIGRAINE	An inquiry into the genesis of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Stroke as a complication of migraine disease.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and warfarin sodium
MIGRAINE	Incidence of migraine headaches among industrial workers
MIGRAINE	Directional effects of skin temperature self-regulation on regional cerebral blood flow in normal subjects and migraine patients.
MIGRAINE	Common migraine and vestibular function. Electronystagmographic study and pathogenesis.
MIGRAINE	Histamine metabolism in cluster headache and migraine. Catabolism of 14C histamine.
MIGRAINE	Urinary histamine excretion in migraine and cluster headache. Further observations.
MIGRAINE	Complications in the treatment of migraine with ergotamine and its derivatives
MIGRAINE	Self-help treatment for migraine headaches: a controlled outcome study.
MIGRAINE	Headaches in the first post partum week and their relationship to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Angiotensin and aldosterone elevation in salt-induced migraine.
MIGRAINE	Vertigo, motion sickness and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Psychophysiological investigation of muscle-contraction and migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Migraine symptoms on the Waters Headache Questionnaire: a statistical analysis.
MIGRAINE	Possibilities of rheoencephalography in the diagnosis and treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Asymmetry in the autonomic nervous system with reference to the nasal cycle, migraine, anisocoria and Meniere's syndrome.
MIGRAINE	Causes and therapy of migraine
MIGRAINE	Association patterns between epileptic and migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Clinical aspects of familial hemiplegic migraine in two families.
MIGRAINE	The migraine connection.
MIGRAINE	Temporal relationship of EEG abnormalities in migraine to headache and medication.
MIGRAINE	Asymmetry of the aura and pain in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine and cluster headache.
MIGRAINE	A "cognitive-behavioral stress management training (CBST)" for the treatment of migraine: a controlled, behavior therapy case study
MIGRAINE	Familial hemiplegic migraine: EEG and CT scan study of two cases.
MIGRAINE	Beta-blockers in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia - an equivalent to migraine?
MIGRAINE	Unusual course of complicated migraine
MIGRAINE	Arrest of migraine or headache with prisms.
MIGRAINE	Possible roles of vertebrate neuroglia in potassium dynamics, spreading depression and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Acephalgic migraine. Fifteen years experience.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and prolapse of the lesser cusp of the mitral valve (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	The incidence of migraine in schoolchildren. A survey by the Medical Officers of Schools Association.
MIGRAINE	Evaluation of skin temperature biofeedback training at two different sites for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Blocadren (timolol maleate) in the treatment of migraine. A pilot study
MIGRAINE	Migraine--a type of headache.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in children. Clinics, differential diagnosis, and therapy (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Complicated migraine in children (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	EEG during attacks of common and classical migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in childhood and its prognosis.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral hemodynamics in familial hemiplegic migraine.
MIGRAINE	Methodological aspects of prophylactic drug trials in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Metoprolol in migraine.
MIGRAINE	The site of pain origin during migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Extracranial vascular reactivity in migraine and tension headache.
MIGRAINE	Features of migraine--comparison of a questionnaire study and a neurologist-examined random sample.
MIGRAINE	Migraine prophylaxis: a new approach.
MIGRAINE	Chronic vasoconstriction may have role in migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Food hypersensitivity and migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback control of skin temperature and cerebral blood flow in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback, migraine headache and new symptom formation.
MIGRAINE	Exposure to sun and precipitation of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Immunoglobulin, complement, and immune complex levels during a migraine attack.
MIGRAINE	Psychological analysis of personality in patients with migraine
MIGRAINE	Basilar artery migraine
MIGRAINE	Resolution of classic migraine after removal of an occipital lobe AVM.
MIGRAINE	Thrombocythemia as cause of migraine accompagnée
MIGRAINE	Modification of migraine headaches by cephalic blood volume pulse and EMG biofeedback.
MIGRAINE	The effect and acceptibility of treatment of acute attacts of migraine in a headache clinic
MIGRAINE	Hemiplegic migraine in childhood (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Considerations on the use of propranolol in complicated migraine.
MIGRAINE	Hyperresponsiveness of migraine patients to the hypotensive action of bromocriptine.
MIGRAINE	A double blind study of metoclopramide in the treatment of migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Migraine headache: review of parameters, etiology, and intervention.
MIGRAINE	Migraine precipitated by head trauma in athletes.
MIGRAINE	Abnormal CT-scans in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine with metoprolol.
MIGRAINE	Migraine incidence in clinical vs nonclinical populations.
MIGRAINE	Failure to live up to a value measure as a specific conflict situation in migraine patients
MIGRAINE	Psychoanalytic aspects of migraine
MIGRAINE	Hemiplegic migraine associated with an aseptic meningeal reaction.
MIGRAINE	Hyperventilation during migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Late-life migraine accompaniments as a cause of unexplained transient ischemic attacks.
MIGRAINE	Paracetamol (acetaminophen) versus acetylsalicylic acid in migraine.
MIGRAINE	C-1 inhibitor levels in migraineurs and normals.
MIGRAINE	Measures of forehead and finger temperature, frontalis EMG, heart rate and finger pulse amplitude during and between migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	The action of ergotamine on the distribution of carotid blood flow--the migraine shunt theory revisited.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in patients attending a migraine clinic: an analysis by computer of age, sex and family history.
MIGRAINE	Intactness of useful central vision during migraine scotoma.
MIGRAINE	Diet and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine or transient ischemic attacks in a patient with essential thrombocythaemia. Treatment with ticlopidine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Prognosis in severe migraine
MIGRAINE	Prognosis for transitory global amnesia in migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine and dementia
MIGRAINE	Therapy in neurology. Part 7: The treatment of migraine and migrainous headaches
MIGRAINE	Animal and human arteries' "in vitro" response to serum of migraineurs.
MIGRAINE	Trait levels of anxiety and psychological responses to stress in migraineurs and normal controls.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: epidemiological aspects of 17 Malaysian patients.
MIGRAINE	Changes in the cranial and cerebrovascular circulation during migraine attacks
MIGRAINE	Complement and its various fractions in migraine
MIGRAINE	The 5-hydroxytryptamine take-up mechanism in normal platelets and platelets from migraine and asthmatic patients.
MIGRAINE	Diagnosis of severe migraine
MIGRAINE	Study of migraine and the treatment of acute attacks in industry.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and schizophrenia.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine and aberrant regeneration of the oculomotor nerve.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, a pathogenic labyrinth. Trial therapy with chenodeoxycholic acid
MIGRAINE	Transitory ischemic attacks, migraine and progestogen drugs. Etiopathogenetic correlations
MIGRAINE	The effect of single dose ergotamine tartrate on peripheral arteries in migraine patients: methodological aspects and time effect curve.
MIGRAINE	Surgical treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	An autosomal dominant syndrome of hemiplegic migraine, nystagmus, and tremor.
MIGRAINE	Use of a prostaglandin inhibitor in migraine crisis. Study of 40 cases
MIGRAINE	Migraine prodromes separated from the aura: complete migraine.
MIGRAINE	Benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood: a migraine equivalent.
MIGRAINE	Mild analgesics as an alternative to ergotamine in migraine. A comparative trial with acetylsalicylic acid, ergotamine tartrate, and a dextropropoxyphene compound.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and non-migrainous headaches. A community survey in Jerusalem.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and surgery. Avoidance of trigger mechanisms.
MIGRAINE	Skin temperature biofeedback and migraine headaches. A double-blind study.
MIGRAINE	Unusual migraines
MIGRAINE	Metoclopramide/analgesic combinations for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ocular migraine in a patient with cluster headaches.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and meningitis.
MIGRAINE	Personality profiles in cluster headache and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Classification of migraine and tension headache from a survey of 10,000 headache diaries.
MIGRAINE	Computerized axial tomography in the detection of brain damage. 2. Epilepsy, migraine, and general medical disorders.
MIGRAINE	The clinical features of migraine as a manifestation of allergic disease.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral ischemic accidents during migraine attacks. A report on "complicated migraine"
MIGRAINE	Migraine thrombocytopenia, and serotonin metabolism.
MIGRAINE	Evaluation of complicated migraine in childhood.
MIGRAINE	Acetylsalicyclic asthma and migraine - a defect in serotonin (5-HT) uptake in platelets.
MIGRAINE	Abdominal migraine.
MIGRAINE	Individual free fatty acids and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and marcumar
MIGRAINE	Sex hormones, prolactin levels, osmolarity and electrolyte patterns in menstrual migraine - relationship with fluid retention.
MIGRAINE	Methysergide-induced fibrosis. Directives for preventive treatment of migraine with methysergide
MIGRAINE	Acute abdomen in a patient with migraine
MIGRAINE	The treatment of migraine without drugs.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: clinical aspects (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Double blind study of propranolol for migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Preventive treatment of migraine with propranolol
MIGRAINE	Short-term clinical trial of phopranolol in racemic form (Inderal), D-propranolol and placebo in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine (Catapresan)-double-blind study after long-term treatment with the drug in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Paroxysmal and other features of the electroencephalogram in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Pizotifen for migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Pathogenesis of migraine and mode of action of antimigraine agents
MIGRAINE	Dipyridamole in migraine.
MIGRAINE	CPONTROL OF MIGRAINE HEADACHE BY BEHAVIORAL SELF-MANAGEMENT: A CONTROLLED CASE STUDY.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine attacks with an analgesic combination (Mersyndol).
MIGRAINE	First results in the treatment of common migraine with clonazepam
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine with propranolol.
MIGRAINE	The effect of metoclopramide on the absorption of effervescent aspirin in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Sandoz--fifty years' involvement in migraine therapy.
MIGRAINE	Success or failure of dipyridamole in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: A blood disorder?
MIGRAINE	Comparative evaluation of the new antiserotonin preparations, sandomigran and lizenil, in treating patients suffering from migraine
MIGRAINE	Oral contraceptives, smoking, migraine, and food alergy.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and depression: effect of amitriptyline prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Monoamine-oxidase activity in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Platelets, serotonin, migraine, and immune-complex disease.
MIGRAINE	Possible danger of aspirin therapy in presence of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral blood flow (measured by means of isotopes) and base-acid-equilibrium of the CSF in migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Further experience with pizotifen in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Transcutaneous nerve stimulation for the treatment of migraine and other head pain (author's transl)
MIGRAINE	Migraine: A blood disorder?
MIGRAINE	Aspirin prophylaxis in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Letter: A new therapy for migraine
MIGRAINE	Migraine: A vasomotor instability of the meningeal circulation.
MIGRAINE	Pathogenesis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Abnormal CT-Scans in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine therapy with heparin: pathophysiologic basis.
MIGRAINE	Changes in blood clotting systems during migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Genetics of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Therapy of migraine. Clinical experience with Migraeflux, a new migraine drug
MIGRAINE	Dixarit in the management of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Two types of migraine.
MIGRAINE	A simple exercise to enhance response to hypnotherapy for migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	Humoral and hormonal changes in menstrual migraine.
MIGRAINE	Variation of plasma free tryptophan and CSF 5-HIAA during migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine stupor.
MIGRAINE	False transmitters and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, serotonin, and the carotid body.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol for migraine.
MIGRAINE	A study of the activity of platelet monoamine oxidase in patients with migraine headaches or with 'cluster headaches'.
MIGRAINE	Some effects of ORG GC 94, a potential anti-migraine drug, on human platelets.
MIGRAINE	Use of clonidine in the prophylaxis of migraine
MIGRAINE	Case report: changes in migraine headache pattern following sudden increase in ergotamine intake.
MIGRAINE	Sulpiride in the prevention of migraine. A mechanism of hormonal interaction?
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine of early onset.
MIGRAINE	Migraine in twins.
MIGRAINE	Migraine accompagnée. Raview and case reports concerning the indication of contrastdiagnostic examinations
MIGRAINE	Psychotropic drugs and migraine.
MIGRAINE	A survey of migraine in England 1975-1976.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a generalized vasomotor dysfunction? A critical review of evidence.
MIGRAINE	The phenomenon of "drug dependency" in the treatment of migraine with propranolol.
MIGRAINE	Vascular reactivity of migraineurs and non-migraineurs.
MIGRAINE	Headache and migraine: their relation to the digestive system
MIGRAINE	Drug dependence in propranolol treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Food allergies and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Symptomatic relief of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ophthalmoplegic migraine with persistent abducens nerve palsy.
MIGRAINE	Migraine accompagnés childhood
MIGRAINE	Food allergies and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Acute confusional state in children with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of migraine headache by hypnosis and behavior therapy: a case study.
MIGRAINE	Food allergies and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Treatment of tension and migraine headaches with biofeedback techniques.
MIGRAINE	EEG study of cervical migraine
MIGRAINE	Food allergy and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	The clinical link between migraine and cluster headaches.
MIGRAINE	Cyclic changes in platelet dynamics and the pathogenesis and prophylaxis of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: a psychosomatic disorder.
MIGRAINE	Transient cerebral ischemia and brain serotonin: relevance to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cerebral blood flow in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Transitory platelet monoamine oxidase deficit in migraine: some reflections.
MIGRAINE	Brief therapeutic report: papaverine prophylaxis of complicated migraine.
MIGRAINE	Immunoglobulin and complement studies in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Clonidine in migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	An epidemiologic study of migraine and headache in 10-20 year olds.
MIGRAINE	Tolfenamic acid is as effective as ergotamine during migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Food allergy and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Food allergy and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Azapropazone (Prolix) in the treatment of migraine
MIGRAINE	Preventive treatment of migraine cephalgia with stugeron and several vegetotropic drugs
MIGRAINE	Metabolic changes during glucose tolerance tests in migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Migraine: fusional-eye movement stress.
MIGRAINE	Carotid spasm with hemiparesis--complication after migraine treatment
MIGRAINE	Familial hemiplegia migraine.
MIGRAINE	Neurotransmitters and the fifth cranial nerve: is there a relation to the headache phase of migraine?
MIGRAINE	Platelet 5-hydroxytryptamine accumulation and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Bilateral retinal hemorrhages and disk edema in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Pulmonary migraine.
MIGRAINE	Recurrent migraine after propranolol.
MIGRAINE	Respiratory arrest in familial hemiplegic migraine: a clinical and neuropathological study.
MIGRAINE	Migraine and migraine equivalents in children.
MIGRAINE	Migraine, a platelet disorder.
MIGRAINE	Familial hemiphegic migraine
MIGRAINE	Cephalic vasomotor feedback in the modification of migraine headache.
MIGRAINE	A follow-up evaluation of the Menninger Pilot Migraine Study using thermal training.
MIGRAINE	Preventive treatment of migraine with mini-doses of danitracene.
MIGRAINE	Muscle contraction and migraine headache: psychophysiologic comparison.
MIGRAINE	Viloxazine and migraine.
MIGRAINE	Migraine during pregnancy.
MIGRAINE	Irritable colon and its clinical forms. Study on 300 cases of irritable colon--migraine--urinary disorders association
MIGRAINE	Parinaud's syndrome complicating migraine--a case report.
MIGRAINE	The use of assertive training and psychodynamic insight in the treatment of migraine headache: a case study.
MIGRAINE	Drugs for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Diagnostic and therapeutic studies using the cryoprobe in various forms of facial pain, not of the migraine or trigeminal type
MIGRAINE	The use of drugs in migraine
MIGRAINE	Reserpine in the prevention of migraine and in the therapy of tension-vascular headache
MIGRAINE	The action of reserpine on the concentration of 5-hydroxytryptamine, epinephrine and norepinephrine in the venous blood of migraine patients
MIGRAINE	Cerebral circulation (measured by isotopes) and acid-base equilibrium of the cerebrospinal fluid during migraine
MIGRAINE	Special problems in the expert testimony of work capacity and rehabilitation in migraine
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback therapy for migraine headaches.
MIGRAINE	Platelet-bound and free serotonin levels in jugular and forearm venous blood during migraine.
MIGRAINE	Amitriptyline in the prophylaxis of migraine. Effectiveness and relationship of antimigraine and antidepressant effects.
MIGRAINE	Migraine attacks. Alleviation by an inhibitor of prostaglandin synthesis and action.
MIGRAINE	Letter: Tolosa-Hunt syndrome or ophthalmoplegic migraine?
MIGRAINE	Editorial: Migraine treatment.
MIGRAINE	Amnestic episodes in migraine. A contribution to the differential diagnosis of transient global amnesia (ictus amnésique)
MIGRAINE	Blood histamine in migraine
MIGRAINE	Cervical migraine and modern views on its pathogenesis
MIGRAINE	So-called "vascular headache of the migraine type": one or more nosological entities?
MIGRAINE	A possible association between migraine and post-operative epilepsy in patients with intracranial aneurysm.
MIGRAINE	Migraine trust prize essay 1975. The natural history of migraine and its management in general practice.
MIGRAINE	The treatment of pain trigger areas in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Change of symptoms in migraine
MIGRAINE	Peripheral circulatory disorder in the treatment of migraine with ergotamine
MIGRAINE	A new way in the treatment of migraine. Evaluation of a field study
MIGRAINE	Letter: Trimepramine (Sapilent) in the treatment of migraine and related headaches
MIGRAINE	Migraine and migrainous variants in pediatric patients.
MIGRAINE	Migraine-traditional uses of ergot compounds.
MIGRAINE	Isolated ophthalmic migraine in the differential diagnosis of cerebro-ocular ischemia.
MIGRAINE	Serum dopamine-beta-hydroxylase activity in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Rat fundus strip and uterus contracting activity of sera: relationship to migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Biofeedback therapy for migraine.
MIGRAINE	Use of platelet antagonists in the treatment of migraine.
MIGRAINE	Human plasma levels of some anti-migraine drugs.
MIGRAINE	Effects of biofeedback upon suppression of migraine symptoms and plasma dopamine-beta-hydroxylase activity.
MIGRAINE	Total 5-hydroxyindoles in blood related to migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Arginine esterase in cerebrospinal fluid and pro-arginine esterase in plasma from patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Vascular reactivity of migraineurs and non-migraineurs: a comparison of responses to self-control procedures.
MIGRAINE	Ice cream headache and orthostatic symptoms in patients with migraine.
MIGRAINE	Ergotamine and methysergide as serotonin partial agonists in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Cephalic vasomotor and electromyographic feedback in the treatment of combined muscle contraction and migraine headaches in a geriatric case.
MIGRAINE	Propranolol for migraine prophylaxis.
MIGRAINE	Clinical and animal pharmacology of migraine: new perspectives.
MIGRAINE	Changes in serotonin metabolism during migraine attacks.
MIGRAINE	Insulin secretion in migraine: influence on the blood levels of tryptophan.
MIGRAINE	The periodic syndrome and migraine.
MIGRAINE	The effects of automated hypnosis and hand warming on migraine:a pilot study.
MIGRAINE	Ocular migraine, asthenopia, strabismus, myopia
MIGRAINE	Bromocriptine in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Benign post-traumatic encephalopathy in young people and its relation to migraine.
MIGRAINE	Visual aura in migraine.
MIGRAINE	Electroencephalographic studies of 100 cases of migraine (control groups included)
MIGRAINE	Prevention of migraine. Observations on the possibilities offered by some polypeptides
MAGNESIUM	Competitive effect of magnesium on the calcium-dependent acrosome reaction in guinea pig spermatozoa.
MAGNESIUM	Circulating quantities of sodium, potassium, calcium, inorganic phosphorus, and magnesium in serum of healthy newborn infants.
MAGNESIUM	The gel-filtration chromatography of complexes of noradrenaline, adenosine triphosphate and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	A study of magnesium in serum and urine in acute nephritis and nephrotic syndrome in childhood.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of calcium and magnesium in liver during acute thioacetamide intoxication.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in children with urolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion-induced changes in the binding mode of adenylates to chloroplast coupling factor 1.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence of a square two-dimensional solid of methane physisorbed on the (100) surface of magnesium oxide.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium acetate treatment of glass roller bottles to facilitate cell attachment.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of cholosas, magnesium sulfate, and sorbitol on the motor function of the gallbladder in children
MAGNESIUM	Effect of furosemide on renal excretion of magnesium and its concentration in plasma and erythrocytes in healthy subjects and patients with chronic renal failure
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and erythrocyte magnesium levels in patients with chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Renal excretion of magnesium in chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of cromolyn sodium in aqueous solution with magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and other electrolyte contents in the gastric juice
MAGNESIUM	Lipid, carbohydrate, magnesium and protein metabolism disorders in liver diseases
MAGNESIUM	Urinary outputs of oxalate, calcium, and magnesium in children with intestinal disorders. Potential cause of renal calculi.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the alkaline phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.1) and inorganic pyrophosphatase (EC 3.6.1.1) activities of rat tissues during magnesium deficiency. The importance of controlling feeding pattern.
MAGNESIUM	Kinetics of human erythrocyte hexokinase. Influence of temperature, ATP4- and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Correlations between magnesium and other serum electrolytes in neuropsychiatric diseases
MAGNESIUM	Re-activation of the peptidyltransferase centre of rabbit reticulocyte ribosomes after inactivation by exposure to low concentrations of magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on calcium- and potassium-related responses in vascular smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between the levels of calcium, magnesium, anorganic phosphorus, citric acid and total proteins in the blood serum of the mother and fetus during labor
MAGNESIUM	Use of pyrrolidone magnesium carboxylate in uterine dyskinesia
MAGNESIUM	The responses of chicks to ammonium, calcium, magnesium, potassium and sodium sulphates and to ammonium and potassium carbonates.
MAGNESIUM	Role of the pituitary gland in calcium and magnesium metabolism in dogs and rats
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on nonspecific excitability level (NEL) and audiogenic seizure susceptibility.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium ions on the interaction of corticosterone with rat brain cytosol receptor(s).
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in hepatic diseases.
MAGNESIUM	Aimed substitution of zinc, copper, magnesium and inorganic phosphates during postoperative parenteral feeding
MAGNESIUM	Effect of postoperative infusion and transfusion therapy on the serum level and renal losses of zinc, magnesium, copper, calcium and phosphates
MAGNESIUM	Effect of the conditions of isolation and incubation of the nuclei on digestion of DNA chromatin by calcium- and magnesium-dependent endonuclease. Change in the spectrum of chromosomal proteins and possible role of DNA-protein interactions
MAGNESIUM	Some metabolic facets of magnesium in diabetes mellitus.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium level in the blood in pregnancy
MAGNESIUM	Animal experimental disorders of the magnesium balance
MAGNESIUM	Intraduodenal magnesium stimulating human pancreatic enzyme secretion and emptying of the gall bladder
MAGNESIUM	Effects of decreasing dialysate magnesium in patients with chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium cations on myocardial contraction. Comparative analysis of the effects of 2 different ways of administration the systolic time intervals
MAGNESIUM	Chronotropic effects of calcium and magnesium ions at different temperatures.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirements are increased during total parenteral nutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Serum concentration of magnesium in patients with a peptic ulcer (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Determination of serum magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deprivation reproduces the coordinate effects of serum removal or cortisol addition on transport and metabolism in chick embryo fibroblasts.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions of calcium, magnesium and atropine on exocrine pancreatic secretion in man.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in blood and the whole body in man using 28magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Barbiturate withdrawal and magnesium deficiency in mice.
MAGNESIUM	Mineral metabolism of the horse. II. Seasonal influence on the serum concentration of calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, alkaline phosphatase and 24-hydroxyvitamin D3 in young horses
MAGNESIUM	Management of preeclampsia and eclampsia: an intravenous approach with magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Disturbances of calcium-, magnesium- and phosphatemetabolism during anticonvulsive treatment in epileptic children.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on Bacterionema matruchotti calcification.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in dental caries and calculus development in rats through additions of magnesium, orthophosphate and fluoride to high-sucrose diets.
MAGNESIUM	The necessity of magnesium cation for acid assistance aglycone departure in catalysis by Escherichia coli (lacZ) beta-galactosidase.
MAGNESIUM	Study of dental caries in children drinking water with a high content of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	The effect of tetracycline antibiotics on the calcium and magnesium content of rat incisors
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in nonacute schizophrenia.
MAGNESIUM	Kinetics of crystal growth and dissolution of calcium and magnesium fluorides.
MAGNESIUM	Salivary magnesium levels in pregnant women.
MAGNESIUM	Growth of calcium phosphates on hydroxyapatite crystals: the effect of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in bone mineral: an in vitro study.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of magnesium in bioptic material by the method of atomic absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Single-purpose atomic absorption spectrophotometer for the determination of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Distribution of potassium, magnesium and sodium.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical signs of magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Blood magnesium in chronic hepatitis in children
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism and ultrastructure of magnesium aspartate-procaine arrested hearts of rabbit and man (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of magnesium-induced mitogenesis by testosterone.
MAGNESIUM	Cerebrospinal fluid concentrations of magnesium and inorganic phophate in epilepsy.
MAGNESIUM	Diagnosis of magnesium deficiency should be encouraged (proceedings)
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium concentrations in atrial fibrillation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the heart.
MAGNESIUM	Hepatic encephalopathy and magnesium deficiency states
MAGNESIUM	Phospholipids of Escherichia coli in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and erythrocyte magnesium levels in patients with primary affective disorder during chronic lithium treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Aminoacylation of tRNA. Magnesium requirement and spermidine effect.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium deficiency in mice on serum immunoglobulin concentrations and antibody plaque-forming cells.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium, Ruthenium red and the antibiotic ionophore A-23187 on initial rates of calcium uptake and release by heart mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Some effects of calcium and magnesium ions on the activity of bovine pancreatic deoxyribonuclease A.
MAGNESIUM	Rectal absorption of magnesium in ruminants. Brief report
MAGNESIUM	Effect of tetracycline on puromycin-induced polysome degradation: influence of magnesium and polyamines.
MAGNESIUM	Polyamine and magnesium contents and polypeptide synthesis as a function of cell growth.
MAGNESIUM	Effects on ribosomes of the substitution of spermidine or divalent cations for magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Nitrogenase of Klebsiella pneumoniae. A stopped-flow study of magnesium-adenosine triphosphate-induce electron transfer between the compeonent proteins.
MAGNESIUM	tRNA conformation and magnesium binding. A study of a yeast phenylalanine-specific tRNA by a fluorescent indicator and differential melting curves.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in Escherichia coli alkaline phosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficit after renal transplantation with secondary posttransplantation hypocalcemia and hypophosphatemia.
MAGNESIUM	In vitro reassembly of the membranous vesicle from Escherichia coli outer membrane components. Role of individual components and magnesium ions in reassembly.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism and parathyroid function
MAGNESIUM	Relation of working cycle stages of factorless ("nonenzymatic") translation to magnesium concentration
MAGNESIUM	Manganese mutagenesis in yeast. IV. The effects of magnesium, protein synthesis inhibitors and hydroxyurea on AntR induction in mitochondrial DNA.
MAGNESIUM	Testing of the clinical effects of a cavain-magnesium-orotate combination in inmates of a nursing home using a double-blind study
MAGNESIUM	Study of magnesium transport in the dog kidney by the method of stopping urine emission in chronic experiments
MAGNESIUM	Effect of pregnancy on the metabolism of iron, copper, zinc and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Age-dependent reciprocal effect of potassium-magnesium-aspartate, during general anesthesia. Contribution to lactate-pyruvate and ATP metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Editorial: Calcium, magnesium, and diuretics.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium status and iodide uptake by thyroid gland.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium and oxalic acid excretion in patients with recurrent oxalate urolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of guanosine nucleotides with elongation factor 2. II. Effect of ribosomes and magnesium ions on guanosine diphosphate and guanosine triphosphate binding to the enzyme.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Magnesium deprivation and seizures in Mongolian gerbils.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Fully automated procedure for serum magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Effect of diphenylhydantoin on serum copper, zinc and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium 2,4-divinylphaeoporphyrin alpha-5 as a substrate for chlorophyll biosynthesis in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of sodium, mannitol, and magnesium on glucose, galactose, 3-O-methylglucose, and fructose absorption in the human ileum.
MAGNESIUM	Feeding following intrahypothalamic injections of calcium and magnesium ions in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on isoproterenol-induced alpha and beta receptor responses of vascular smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Osteomalacia and altered magnesium metabolism in the X-linked hypophosphatemic mouse.
MAGNESIUM	Blood histamine and response of spleen cells to phytohemagglutinins during moderate magnesium deficiency in the rat
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Does the topical use of magnesium sulfate improve the results in microvascular anastomoses?
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium deficiency and C3 fraction of complement
MAGNESIUM	Effect of tap water on the level of plasma magnesium in patients with terminal stage of chronic renal insufficiency treated by hemodialysis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium malabsorption.
MAGNESIUM	An improved histofluorescence procedure for freeze-dried paraffin-embedded tissue based on combined formaldehyde-glyoxylic acid perfusion with high magnesium content and acid pH.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium electrophoresis in complex treatment of chronic liver diseases in children
MAGNESIUM	Concentration of calcium and magnesium ions in blood plasma in patients with rheumatism
MAGNESIUM	Hygienic evaluation of the toxic action of the dust from a magnesium-mercury alloy
MAGNESIUM	The combined effect of pentagastrin and magnesium on gastric acid secretion in man.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of sodium and magnesium cations on the "dark-" and light-induced chlorophyll a fluorescence yields in sucrose-washed spinach chloroplasts.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Magnesium depletion and digoxin toxicity.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium load test: II. Correlation of clinical and laboratory data in neonates.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium load test: III. correlation of clinical and laboratory data in infants from one to six months of age.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium oxide as carrier dust in benzo(a)pyrene-induced lung carcino-genesis in Syrian hamsters.
MAGNESIUM	A study of the interaction of oligonucleotides with polynucleotides by the method of equilibrium gel filtration. The effect of magnesium ions and the composition of the oligonucleotides on the stability of the complex.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency and thyroparathyroidectomy on calcium active transport by rat duodenum.
MAGNESIUM	Exchange transfusions with concentrated ACD-blood. II. Effects on bilirubin, total protein, chloride, phosphate, calcium, magnesium and potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium binding to parvalbumins: evidence for differences between parvalbumins and an explanation of their relaxing function.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium effects in rabbit ventricle.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-neurohypophyseal hormone interactions in contraction of vascular smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Fluormetric method for the determination of magnesium in renal tubular fluid.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in serum and sweat magnesium levels during work in the heat.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of diuretics on the renal excretion of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular calcium and magnesium content and aerobic lactate production in intact Ehrlich ascites tumour cells.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of mefruside on blood pressure and on potassium, magnesium and uric acid in the blood
MAGNESIUM	Effect of lysozyme, ethylenediaminetetraacetate, magnesium and mannittol on spheroplast formation in Anacystis nidulans
MAGNESIUM	Hypomagnesemic hypocalcemia secondary to renal magnesium wasting.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of a chronic suboptimal intake of magnesium on magnesium and calcium content of bone and on bone strength of the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium content of nuclei of the liver of normal and partially hepatectomized rats
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium deficiency of ketamine sleeping times in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Design of experimentation with a platinum-magnesium bioelectric battery.
MAGNESIUM	The relationship of the urinary cations, Calcium, Magnesium, Sodium and Potassium, in patients with Renal Calculi.
MAGNESIUM	Surveys of bovine blood chemistry in Scotland. I. Serum magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Ischemic heart disease, water hardness and myocardial magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Reserpine-induced changes in the uptake and distribution of radiolabelled calcium and magnesium in the brain and pituitary gland of the rat.?
MAGNESIUM	The ionic composition of different zones of the rat kidney following magnesium chloride administration
MAGNESIUM	The effect of vasopressin on the excretion of magnesium and other electrolytes
MAGNESIUM	Content of beta-1 C-globulin (C'3), complement (C1) and magnesium in blood serum of patients with chronic non-specific broncho-pulmonary diseases
MAGNESIUM	Food analysis for balance studies, especially calcium, magnesium, phosphorus and nitrogen
MAGNESIUM	Bone composition and phosphatase activity in magnesium deficiency in rats.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium deficiency on the host response to intramuscular bone matric implanted in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Study of total magnesium concentration in the blood of patients after surgery with extracorporeal circulation
MAGNESIUM	Long-term in vivo behavior of a platinum endoauricular-magnesium hybrid battery.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Production of cardiac necroses in rats - kept on a magnesium and chloride deficient diet - by epinephrine and their prevention by magnesium compounds.
MAGNESIUM	Study of serum and cerebrospinal fluid magnesium levels in cerebrovascular accidents.
MAGNESIUM	Site of magnesium absorption in the sheep.
MAGNESIUM	The retention of calcium, iron, magnesium and zinc in chicks fed on diets containing metal soaps.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium movement in hypothyroid sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental effects of heparin or magnesium sulfate on the  patency of microvascular anastomoses.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Diuretic treatment and serum magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium, phosphorus and magnesium levels in pregnant and non-pregnant Nigerians.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium deficiency on horse foal tissue concentraion of Mg, calcium and phosphorus.
MAGNESIUM	The distribution of lithium, sodium and magnesium in rat brain and plasma after various periods of administration of lithium in the diet.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium, copper, magnesium, and zinc content of identical areas in human cerebral hemispheres of normals.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levles in patients treated with phenytoin.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Effect of magnesium loading on hemodynamics in hyperthyroidism
MAGNESIUM	Some effects on layers of sodium sulfate and magnesium sulfate in their drinking water.
MAGNESIUM	The content of calcium, magnesium, copper, zinc, lead and chromium in the blood of patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
MAGNESIUM	Normal serum concentrations of calcium, magnesium, and inorganic phosphorus in the Simmental cattle
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and gastric acid secretion
MAGNESIUM	Quantum chemical studies of a model for peptide bond formation.  3.  Role of magnesium cation in formation of amide and water from ammonia and glycine.
MAGNESIUM	Passive accumulation of magnesium, sodium, and potassium by chick calvaria.
MAGNESIUM	Importance of calcium and plasma magnesium during deep hypothermia with variable grades of hemodilution
MAGNESIUM	The effect of anti-convulsive long term treatment on serum concentration of alkaline phosphatase, calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphates in children
MAGNESIUM	Membrane structures of red salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka) nephron cells during magnesium secretion.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in Indian childhood cirrhosis.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and urinary magnesium levels following major trauma and surgery in children.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium, copper and iron levels in infantile cirrhosis.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels of ewes grazing orchardgrass topdressed with dolomite of calcite.
MAGNESIUM	Failure of balance measurements to predict actual retention of magnesium and calcium by rats as determined by direct carcass analysis.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and erythrocyte magnesium levels in patients with chronic renal failure
MAGNESIUM	Renal magnesium in chronic renal failure
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on mineral deposition in developing teeth in tissue culture.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Does the topical use of magnesium sulfate improve the results in microvascular anastomosis?
MAGNESIUM	Role of cofactors in the treatment of malnutrition as examplified by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The treatment of vascular diseases with a magnesium containing drug (Progresin)
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of zinc and magnesium in stored blood
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, iodine, iron, zinc and copper in drinking water of the Bialystok province
MAGNESIUM	Bartter's disease associated with hypercorticism, phosphate and magnesium deficiencies and familial renal tubular disease
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Ischaemic heart disease, vitamins D and A, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Latent tetany and anxiety, marginal magnesium deficit, and normocalcemia.
MAGNESIUM	Frequency-force relationship in guinea-pig ventricular myocardium as influenced by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Editorial: Diuretics and ions. Especially calcium, magnesium and zinc
MAGNESIUM	Influence of dietary magnesium on urolithiasis and epithelial hyperplasia of the renal pelvis in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium depletion on matrix-induced endochondral bone formation.
MAGNESIUM	The serum level of ionized calcium, total calcium, and magnesium in neonates (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium load test: I. A design for infants.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium on deoxyribonucleic acid synthesis in rat parathyroid glands in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of different concentrations of corn oil, magnesium sulfate, and oat hulls in a porcine ulcerogenic ration.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of neonatal thymectomy on the content of magnesium in the plasma and in various tissues of the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and temperature during the recovery process from the potassium contracture of the pregnant rat myometrium.
MAGNESIUM	Specific role of magnesium ion in protecting the anticomplementary effect of DNA in immune hemolysis.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the constituents of the aerial parts of Dioscorea tenuipes Franch. et Savat. III. 3-methoxalyldiotigenin 4-acetate and its magnesium complex (author's transl
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary lactose and lactase preparation on the intestinal absorption of calcium and magnesium in normal infants.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in hyperthyroidism
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism and the effect of magnesium in the dehydration of eutrophic infants
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for 5- and 6-coordinated magnesium in bacterio-chlorophyll a from visible absorption spectroscopy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium tolerance in goats fed two levels of potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Loss of D-alanine during sublethal heating of Staphylococcus aureus S6 and magnesium binding during repair.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on contractile activation of skinned cardiac cells.
MAGNESIUM	Changes of fractional renal clearance of magnesium after spironolactone administration in normal subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Some biochemical aspects in the treatment of myocardial infarction with potassium magnesium aspartate.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the plasma magnesium content in patients subjected to cardiopulmonary bypass
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Value of magnesium determination in therapeutic digitalis poisoning
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the formation of morphine calcium and magnesium complexes.
MAGNESIUM	Nature of the peristaltic block produced by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Erythrocyte magnesium and HLA groups
MAGNESIUM	Simple methods for determination of total and ultrafiltrable calcium and magnesium in serum.
MAGNESIUM	Parenteral magnesium load tests in postpartum American women.
MAGNESIUM	Favorable effects of the antioxidants sodium and magnesium thiazolidine carboxylate on the vitality and life span of Drosophila and mice.
MAGNESIUM	Subunit interactions of rabbit muscle aldolase. Conformational change of aldolase in magnesium chloride and its relationship to the dissociation of subunits.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-induced self-association of calf brain tubulin. II. Thermodynamics.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on magnesium's mechanism of action in digitalis-induced arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	Human brain contents of calcium, copper, magnesium, and zinc in some neurological pathologies.
MAGNESIUM	A study of cerebrospinal fluid calcium and magnesium in depression.
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation of serum and cerebrospinal fluid magnesium in cases of cerebrovascular accident--a preliminary communication.
MAGNESIUM	Hypomagnesemia and magnesium sulphate therapy in digoxin intoxication.
MAGNESIUM	Assay and use of magnesium ferrite as a reference in absorption trials with cattle.
MAGNESIUM	Study of the corrosion in vitro and in vivo of magnesium amodes involved in an implantable bioelectric battery.
MAGNESIUM	Level of serum magnesium in patients with cor pulmonale
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in atherosclerosis
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in premature labor
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of serum magnesium level during abortion
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, chloride and glucose in the blood of cattle following intravenous infusion of solutions with various calcium and magnesium concentration aimed at improving the treatment of hypomagnesemia
MAGNESIUM	The effect of feeding magnesium-enriched diets to laying hens on the quality of the albumen of stored eggs.
MAGNESIUM	Platelet adhesiveness and serum magnesium ischaemic heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of the ratio of magnesium: calcium on numbers of Rhizobium in liquid medium.
MAGNESIUM	A comparative study of serum calcium and magnesium in cases of endogenous depression, reactive depression schizophrenia and conversion reaction.
MAGNESIUM	Induced ischemic cardiac arrest. Clinical and experimental results with magnesium-aspartate-procaine solution (Cardioplegin).
MAGNESIUM	Divalent ions and myocardial function during cardiopulmonary by-pass (CPB). Changes of total calcium, ionized calcium, and magnesium in plasma.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in concentrations and interrelationships of phytate, phosphorus, magnesium, calcium, and zinc in wheat during maturation.
MAGNESIUM	Escherichia coli tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase. Influence of magnesium ions on the enzymatic activity.
MAGNESIUM	Comparative studies on the isoleucyl-tRNA synthetases from Bacillus stearothermophilus and Escherichia coli: II. The effect of magnesium ions in the transacylation reaction.
MAGNESIUM	In vitro synthesis of T3 AND T7 RNA polymerase at low magnesium concentration.
MAGNESIUM	A kinetic study of the activation of yeast inorganic pyrophosphatase by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium ion on the interaction between chromomycin A(3) and deoxyribonucleic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-induced errors of translation in a cell-free system from krebs-II ascites carcinoma cells.
MAGNESIUM	A comment on the role of magnesium in the control of muscle glycogen synthetase kinase.
MAGNESIUM	A micromethod for the quantitative analysis of calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus in human skin.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-binding of Synaptosomes isolated from rat brain cortex. II. Inhibitory effects of magnesium ions and some other cations.
MAGNESIUM	Hypokalemia and metabolic alkalosis resulting from overuse of magnesium oxide.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium deficiency on serum aldosterone in rats fed two levels of sodium.
MAGNESIUM	Pathological accumulation of calcium by mitochondria: modulation by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Possible role of magnesium loss in the pathogenesis of myocardial fiber necrosis.
MAGNESIUM	Chromosomal abnormalities in maternal and fetal tissues of magnesium- or zinc-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Skeletal effects of magnesium deficiency in normal, ovariectomized, and estrogen-treated rats.
MAGNESIUM	The skin in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcitonin-lowering effect of magnesium in patients with medullary carcinoma of the thyroid.
MAGNESIUM	Active transport of magnesium across the isolated midgut of Hyalophora cecropia.
MAGNESIUM	Simultaneous measurements of magnesium, calcium and sodium influxes in perfused squid giant axons under membrane potential control.
MAGNESIUM	Preparation of peritoneal cell metaphases of rats, mice and chinese hamsters after mitogenic stimulation with magnesium sulfate and/or aluminum hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of alanyl-alanine with calcium, magnesium, and phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Differing sensitivity of synaptic inputs to amphibian motoneurons to calcium and magnesium ion deficiencies
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium concentrations in pulmonary heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	(Magnesium plus sodium plus potassium ion)-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase in rat sciatic nerve.
MAGNESIUM	Stable 26Mg as an in vivo tracer in investigation of magnesium utilization.
MAGNESIUM	Intrarenal distribution of calcium and magnesium in the dog. Effect of an osmotic diuresis (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Ultrastructure of rat thymus in early stages of magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Blood levels of thymosin in rats in magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium concentration in the culture medium on the trace element requirement of yeasts
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium level of serum and cerebrospinal fluid in cases of protein calorie malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Arterial-venous magnesium gradients in hypovolemic shock: an indication of the irreversible state.
MAGNESIUM	Protective effect of coexistent thiamine deficiency upon the experimental cardiomyopathy associated with acute magnesium deficiency in the Syrian golden hamster.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and zinc in seminal fluid of healthy males and patients with non-acute prostatitis with and without gonorrhoea.
MAGNESIUM	The urinary excretion and serum concentration of calcium, magnesium, sodium and phosphate in male patients with recurring renal stone formation.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level in some internal diseases
MAGNESIUM	Determination of the sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium content in food
MAGNESIUM	Effects of elevated magnesium on discharge of myenteric neurons of cat small bowel.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium on magnesium absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Micropuncture study of renal magnesium transport in magnesium-loaded rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of cooking on content of nitrates, vitamin C, magnesium and iron in spinach
MAGNESIUM	Effects of mechanical vibration on rat plasma calcium, magnesium, phosphate, and xanthine oxidase.
MAGNESIUM	Ultrastructural changes of the hypothalamo-hypophysial neurosecretory system in the magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Absorption of complex compounds of magnesium and amino acids in the small intestine
MAGNESIUM	Incorporation of labelled retinol in bovine spermatazoa. II. Effect of calcium, magnesium, potassium and sodium on the incorporation, in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of the composition of the medium and magnesium and calcium ions on the germination of spores of Thermoactinomyces vulgaris
MAGNESIUM	The absorption of magnesium from the forestomachs, stomach and small intestine of sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium electrophoresis in the complex treatment of nephropathy in pregnancy
MAGNESIUM	Appearance of magnesium guanylate cyclase activity in rat liver with sodium azide activation.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of alanyl ester residues on the binding of magnesium ions to teichoic acids.
MAGNESIUM	Copper, iron and magnesium content of the skin of albino, white, brown and black cattle
MAGNESIUM	Fluorometric estimation of serum and urinary magnesium levels in healthy Indian adults.
MAGNESIUM	Electron microscopic lesions of the myocardium of rats fed a low-magnesium diet.
MAGNESIUM	Responses to the lowering of magnesium and calcium concentrations in the cerebrospinal fluid of unanesthetized sheep.
MAGNESIUM	The excretion of oxalates in urine following oral administration of oxalic acid and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary magnesium levels on cardiac lesions in rats fed a diet rich in rapeseed oil
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of calcium, inorganic phosphorus, magnesium and glucose concentrations in the plasma of ewes in the perinatal period
MAGNESIUM	The postmortem diagnosis of magnesium deficiency: studies in an animal model for the human infant.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in cellular composition during magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of low-magnesium diet on the histology and the activity of certain enzymes of rat myocardium.
MAGNESIUM	Protective action of sex hormones against mast cell depletion and other deleterious effects of magnesium deprivation.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of oral calcium and magnesium on gastric secretion and gastrin liberation in patients with duodenal ulcer
MAGNESIUM	Effect of feeding on the composition of foreign-body stones in animal experiments. II. Calcium oxalate and magnesium therapy
MAGNESIUM	Variations in blood magnesium in women according to age.  Preliminary note
MAGNESIUM	The effects of meteorologic factors on blood magnesium in man
MAGNESIUM	The in vitro uptake of some oral contraceptive steroids by magnesium trisilicate proceedings.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium stearate on the dissolution and biological availability of sulphadiazine tablet formulations proceedings.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium cellulose phosphate-induced increment in urinary calcium/magnesium ratio.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of endogenous factors on the ash, calcium, magnesium, potassium, sodium, phosphorus, zinc, iron, copper and manganese contents in the bristles of pigs. 3. Influence of time of cutting on the mineral composition of the hair (boar bristles)
MAGNESIUM	Influence of endogenous factors on the ash, calciu, magnesium, potassium, sodium, phosphorus, zinc, iron, copper and manganese contents in the bristles of pigs. 4. Effect of time of cutting and heredity on the inorganic components in the hair of the pigs (bristles of sows and piglets, newly grown hair)
MAGNESIUM	Clinico-experimental studies of the anti-arrhythmic activity of magnesium cations. Electrophysiological changes induced by prolonged venous infusion
MAGNESIUM	Action of magnesium cations on myocardial contractility. Behavior of systolic times in subjects with myocardial insufficiency
MAGNESIUM	Determination of sodium, potassium and magnesium in the myocardium of experimental animals by atomic absorption spectrometry (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	An analysis of calcium-magnesium antagonism in contractility and ionic balance in isolated trabecular muscle of rat ventricle.
MAGNESIUM	Improved methods for reducing calcium and magnesium concentrations in tissue culture medium: application to studies of lymphoblast proliferation in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium contents of ectoplasm and endoplasm of Physarum polycephalum plasmodium.
MAGNESIUM	Neuromuscular and phlebothrombotic clinical aspects of primary magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Causes of variation of copper, iron, manganese, zinc and magnesium levels in bovine livers. 3. The effects of locality.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium ion and temperature on the phasic and tonic contractions of the potassium contracture in the pregnant rat myometrium.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium sulfate on the absorption of acetylsalicylic acid and lithium carbonate from the human intestine.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of carbohydrate intake on the urinary excretion of magnesium, calcium and sodium in fasting obese patients.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of temperature and magnesium ions on the secondary and tertiary structures of tRNAPhe and 23 S RNA - infrared investigations.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium control of the calcium myosin and actomyosin ATPase of Limulus polyphemus.
MAGNESIUM	The calcium and magnesium binding sites on troponin and their role in the regulation of myofibrillar adenosine triphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of photophosphorylation by ATP and the role of magnesium in photophosphorylation.
MAGNESIUM	Relative effectiveness of magnesium and calcium on the secretion and biosynthesis of parathyroid hormone in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Pyruvate carboxylase: affinity labelling of the magnesium adenosine triphosphate binding site.
MAGNESIUM	Cations (magnesium, potassium, sodium), creatinine, bilirubin, and osmolality of bovine fetal fluids.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in nephrotic syndrome in the course of renal failure
MAGNESIUM	Effect of hydrocortisone on plasma magnesium in the rabbit
MAGNESIUM	Decreased absorption of calcium, magnesium, zinc and phosphorus by humans due to increased fiber and phosphorus consumption as wheat bread.
MAGNESIUM	Schistosoma mansoni miracidia: stimulation by calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical significance of serum magnesium concentration in thyrotoxicosis (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of acetazolamide and furosemide on renal excretion of calcium, magnesium and phosphates in healthy subjects
MAGNESIUM	The use of magnesium lauryl sulfate in an insoluble direct compression tablet mix.
MAGNESIUM	The clinical importance of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on rat nephron sodium reabsorption: a segmental analysis.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and urinary magnesium levels after extracorporeal circulation in adults (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, and glucose levels in blood and CSF of children with febrile convulsions.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium content of the food served at Our Lady of Mercy hospital
MAGNESIUM	The interdependence of magnesium with spermidine and phosphoenolpyruvate in an enzyme-synthesizing system in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Modifications of cardiac activity in the rat and guinea pig by ouabain and magnesium in a low potassium medium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium utilization in sheep treated with magnesium alloy rumen bullets or fed magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Dietary magnesium levels for sows during gestation and lactation.
MAGNESIUM	Composition of the milks of dairy cattle. II. Ash, calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus.
MAGNESIUM	Cerebral arterial spasm. Part 4: in vitro effects of temperature, serotonin analogues, large nonphysiological concentrations of serotonin, and extracellular calcium and magnesium on serotonin-induced contractions of the canine basilar artery.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of external calcium and magnesium ions on the response of denervated muscle to acetylcholine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium emitted by snails alters swimming behaviour of Schistosoma mansoni miracidia.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of prolonged consumption of wholemeal bread upon metabolism of calcium, magnesium, zinc and phosphorus of two young American adults.
MAGNESIUM	Changes occurring in lymph nodes of rats with chronic magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Effect of intrarenal arterial infusion of magnesium on renin release in dogs.
MAGNESIUM	Gastric magnesium secretion in the course of hemodialysis for acute kidney failure
MAGNESIUM	Dynamics of magnesium concentration changes in plasma and erythrocytes during dialysis in acute non-inflammatory renal failure
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of human red cell Nak-ATPase by magnesium and potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Successive determinations of calcium and magnesium in drinking water by complexometric, potentiometric digital titration to two equivalence points.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of a beryllium complex on growth of Pseudomonas fluorescens (types R and S). II. Competition with magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Compartmentalization of magnesium and orthophosphate ions in Saccharomyces carlsbergensis cells
MAGNESIUM	The clinical importance of magnesium during neonatal life (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Serum and CSF magnesium levels in patients with Indian childhood cirrhosis.
MAGNESIUM	Dietary carbohydrates effects upon magnesium metabolism in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of fluoride on the mobilization of skeletal magnesium and soft-tissue calcinosis during acute magnesium deficiency in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus and magnesium metabolism in patients with recurrent nephrolithiasis
MAGNESIUM	Hypocalcemia after therapeutic use of magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Synaptic vesicle magnesium-adenosine triphosphatase as a possible site of action of anticonvulsant drugs.
MAGNESIUM	Cation-exchange method of determining the state of magnesium, calcium and strontium in blood plasma
MAGNESIUM	Cerebral magnesium and sodium-potassium ATPase following audiogenic seizures in mice.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium stimulation of calcium binding to tubulin and calcium induced depolymerization of microtubules.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium ATPases of the spectrin fraction of human erythrocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium, manganese and cobalt ions on the activity of Ca2+-dependent ATPase of skeletal muscle plasma membranes
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: The effect of ATPase inhibition stimulated by sodium, magnesium and potassium upon the formation of free ammonia in the rat brain cortex slices.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of ATP and magnesium ions on the fluorescence of harmala alkaloids. Restrictions for the use of harmala alkaloids as fluorescent probes for (Na+ + K+)-ATPase.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of single dose of diuretics on renal magnesium excretion in man, with special reference to their site of action.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of diabetes on intestinal magnesium absorption in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Calorimetric studies of the interaction of magnesium and phosphate with Na+, K+) ATPase: evidence for a ligand-induced conformational change in the enzyme.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium-ion-dependent adenosine triphosphatase of bovine cardiac Myosin and its subfragment-1.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental study of some pharmacodynamic properties of magnesium 2-pyrrolidone-5-carboxylate
MAGNESIUM	The binding of nucleotides and bivalent cations to the calcium-and-magnesium ion-dependent adenosine triphosphatase from rabbit muscle sarcoplasmic reticulum.
MAGNESIUM	Location of an oligomycin-insensitive and magnesium ion-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase in rat spleen mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Isolation, characterization, and activation of the magnesium dependent endodeoxyribonuclease from Bacillus subtilis.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on the properties of zinc alkaline phosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in calcium and magnesium in the kidneys of rats intoxicated with a single large dose of fluoride.
MAGNESIUM	Association and dissociation rate constants of the complexes between various cardiac aglycones and sodium- and potassium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase formed in the presence of magnesium and phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	A mutation affecting a second component of the F0 portion of the magnesium ion-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase of Escherichia coli K12. The uncC424 allele.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in the (Ca2+ + Mg2+)-stimulated membrane ATPase of human red blood cells.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of chloroquine adsorption on acid reactivity of magnesium trisilicate.
MAGNESIUM	5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine-stimulated calcium ion- or magnesium ion-dependent ecto-(adenosine triphosphatase) activity of cultured hamster cardiac cells.
MAGNESIUM	Steady-state kinetic study of magnesium and ATP effects on ligand affinity and catalytic activity of sheep kidney sodium, potassium-adenosinetriphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in experimental diabetes mellitus.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-activated adenosine triphosphate of the ampullae of Lorenzini of the skate Dasyatis pastinaca
MAGNESIUM	Nonspecific immunological reactivity and morbidity indices in workers of a titanium-magnesium combine
MAGNESIUM	Acute effect of large doses of calcitonin on calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphate levels in rat serum in correlation to differences in thryroid function.
MAGNESIUM	A contribution to the formation mechanism of calcium oxalate urinary calculi. III. On the role of magnesium in the formation of oxalate calculi.
MAGNESIUM	Pharmacological analysis of the peristalsis block induced by magnesium applied at the serosal and mucosal surfaces of the isolated guinea pig ileum
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: metabolism and hormonal regulation in different species.
MAGNESIUM	Control of glycolysis in magnesium deficiency: studies on intact red cells and hemolysates
MAGNESIUM	Isolation and characterization of magnesium adenosinetriphosphatase from the chromaffin granule membrane.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium metabolism and mineralocorticoid-induced hypertension: effects of parathormone and exogenous thyrocalcitonin and of variations in dietary calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Sodium and potassium ion-dependent adenosine triphosphatase of mammalian brain. Interactions of magnesium ions with the phosphatase site.
MAGNESIUM	Stimulation of the membrane-bound, magnesium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase of mouse neuroblastoma by concanavalin A and wheat germ agglutinin.
MAGNESIUM	The functional unit of calcium-plus-magnesium-ion-dependent adenosine triphosphatase from sarcoplasmic reticulum. The aggregational state of the deoxycholate-solubilized protein in an enzymically active form.
MAGNESIUM	Genetic complementation between two mutant unc alleles (unc A401 and unc D409) affecting the Fl portion of the magnesium ion-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase of Escherichia coli K12.
MAGNESIUM	Reaction mechanism of the magnesium ion-dependent adenosine triphosphatase of frog muscle myosin and subfragment 1.
MAGNESIUM	Anticonvulsive effect of p-chlorophenylalanine in mice on a low magnesium diet.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase as a marker enzyme for the plasma membrane of human polymorphonuclear leukocytes.
MAGNESIUM	An enzyme system requiring magnesium, calcium and potassium ions.
MAGNESIUM	The protective effect of magnesium-aspartate-procaine cardioplegia on the hypertrophied left ventricle of the mini-pig (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Characterization of the mutant-unc D-gene product in a strain of Escherichia coli K12. An altered beta-subunit of the magnesium ion-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Cytochemical localization of adenylate cyclase and of calcium ion, magnesium ion-activated ATPases in the dense tubular system of human blood platelets.
MAGNESIUM	High activity of magnesium ion-stimulated ATP-ase in the small-intestinal rat mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Incidence and intensity of mottled teeth (fluorosis) in regions where the drinking water has different contents of magnesium and calcium, respectively (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Light-stimulated, magnesium-dependent ATPase in toad retinal rod outer segments.
MAGNESIUM	Extracellular calcium, magnesium, and sodium ion competition in the conductance control of the photosensory membrane of Limulus ventral nerve photoreceptor.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of pretreatment with calcium and magnesium ions on phosphoenzyme formation by sarcoplasmic reticulum ATPase.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of a sodium citrate preparation compared with an aluminium-magnesium hydroxide preparation on the urinary pH of normal subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Binding of magnesium ions to cell walls of Bacillus subtilis W23 containing teichoic acid or teichuronic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of age and magnesium ions on oxygen toxicity in the neonate chicken.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for a magnesium dependent ATPase in bovine rod outer segment disk membranes.
MAGNESIUM	Muscle changes in rats fed magnesium and calcium deficient diets.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion dependent adenosine triphosphatase activity of heavy meromyosin as a function of temperature between +20 and -15 degrees C.
MAGNESIUM	Isolation and partial characterization of magnesium ion- and calcium ion-dependent adenosine triphosphatase activity from bovine brain microsomal fraction.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of long-term phenytoin treatment on the levels of calcium and magnesium in rat femurs
MAGNESIUM	Development of various parameters of magnesium metabolism during mineralocorticoid treatment (DOCA and sodium chloride) in the rat
MAGNESIUM	Tightly bound magnesium in mitochondrial adenosine triphosphatase from beef heart.
MAGNESIUM	Recent data on the kidney tubule behavior of phosphorus, calcium and magnesium ions
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for structural changes in the photoreceptor disk membrane, enabled by magnesium ATPase activity and triggered by light.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium for the treatment of ryegrass staggers.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium status of dairy cows.
MAGNESIUM	A comparative study of diagnostic tests for the assessment of herd magnesium status in cattle.
MAGNESIUM	Mechanism of calcium-independent phosphorylation of sarcoplasmic reticulum ATPase by orthophosphat. Evidence of magnesium-phosphoprotein formation.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium-ATPase in the microsomal fraction of intima-media smooth muscle from porcine coronary artery proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, organic matter and soil structure.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium-magnesium-D,L-aspartate as a positive homotropic effector in the regulation of phosphofructokinase
MAGNESIUM	The effect of divalent cation chelators and magnesium on activation of the alternative complement pathway by Fusobacterium polymorphum (nucleatum).
MAGNESIUM	Plasma red cell and urinary magnesium in the healthy new-born child during the first three weeks of life
MAGNESIUM	Effects of anions, pH and magnesium on calcium accumulation and release by sarcoplasmic reticulum vesicles.
MAGNESIUM	Aspartokinase I-homoserine dehydrogenase I of Escherichia coli K12 (lambda). Activation by monovalent cations and an analysis of the effect of the adenosine triphosphate-magnesium ion complex on this activation process.
MAGNESIUM	Dependence of Marine Bdellovibrios on Potassium, Calcium, and Magnesium Ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and Manganese Content of Halophilic Bacteria.
MAGNESIUM	TLD with terbirum-activated magnesium orthosilicate.
MAGNESIUM	Multiple inhibitory and activating effects of nucleotides and magnesium on adrenal adenylate cyclase.
MAGNESIUM	5-phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate synthetase from Ehrlich ascites-tumour cells: effect of magnesium and ATP concentration on the enzymic activity.
MAGNESIUM	The role of polyamines in the aminoacyl transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase reactions. Demonstration of the requirement for magnesium ion and a secondary stimulatory effect of spermine.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and pancreatic secretion. I. Subcellular distribution of calcium and magnesium in the exocrine pancreas of the guinea pig.
MAGNESIUM	Neurohypophyseal hormones and analogues: magnesium dependence and contraction of arterial smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Properties of Molten Magnesium Oxide.
MAGNESIUM	Photophysical properties of zinc and magnesium tris(pyrochlorophyllide a) 1,1,1-tris(hydroxymethyl)ethane triesters.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium Nutrition of Two Species of Sunflower.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium Uptake by Soybeans.
MAGNESIUM	Phloem Mobility of Magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Absorption of Magnesium and Chloride by Excised Corn Root.
MAGNESIUM	Nitrate Absorption and Assimilation in Ryegrass as Influenced by Calcium and Magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of Magnesium Deficiency on the Photosynthesis and Respiration of Leaves of Sugar Beet.
MAGNESIUM	Acceleration of Dark Reversion of Phytochrome in Vitro by Calcium and Magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Relative Requirements for Magnesium of Protein and Chlorophyll Synthesis in Euglena gracilis.
MAGNESIUM	Energy-dispersive x-Ray Analysis of Phosphorus, Potassium, Magnesium, and Calcium in Globoid Crystals in Protein Bodies from Different Regions of Cucurbita maxima Embryos.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of Chloroplast Photosynthetic Activity by Exogenous Magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Membrane-associated Glycosyl Transferases in Cotyledons of Pisum sativum: Differential Effects of Magnesium and Manganese Ions.
MAGNESIUM	Chloroplast Biogenesis: XXIV. Intrachloroplastic Localization of the Biosynthesis and Accumulation of Protoporphyrin IX, Magnesium-Protoporphyrin Monoester, and Longer Wavelength Metalloporphyrins during Greening.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of Photosynthetic Intermediates on the Magnesium Inhibition of Oxygen Evolution by Barley Chloroplasts.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of Magnesium on Intact Chloroplasts: I. EVIDENCE FOR ACTIVATION OF (SODIUM) POTASSIUM/PROTON EXCHANGE ACROSS THE CHLOROPLAST ENVELOPE.
MAGNESIUM	Properties of Magnesium Chelatase in Greening Etioplasts: METAL ION SPECIFICITY AND EFFECT OF SUBSTRATE CONCENTRATIONS.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of Magnesium on Intact Chloroplasts : II. CATION SPECIFICITY AND INVOLVEMENT OF THE ENVELOPE ATPase IN (SODIUM) POTASSIUM/PROTON EXCHANGE ACROSS THE ENVELOPE.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of Calcium and Magnesium on Ethylene Production by Apple Tissue Slices.
MAGNESIUM	In Vitro Synthesis of the Chlorophyll Isocyclic Ring : Transformation of Magnesium-Protoporphyrin IX and Magnesium-Protoporphyrin IX Monomethyl Ester into Magnesium-2,4-Divinyl Pheoporphyrin A(5).
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of Magnesium Protoporphyrin Monomethyl Ester in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of Adenosine Phosphates and Magnesium on Photosynthesis in Chloroplasts from Peas, Sedum, and Spinach.
MAGNESIUM	Role of Magnesium in the Plasma Membrane ATPase of Red Beet.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of Chloroplastic Carbonic Anhydrase : Effect of Magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium Deficiency Results in Increased Suberization in Endodermis and Hypodermis of Corn Roots.
MAGNESIUM	Control of Photosynthetic Sucrose Synthesis by Fructose 2,6-Bisphosphate : V. Modulation of the Spinach Leaf Cytosolic Fructose 1,6-Bisphosphatase Activity in Vitro by Substrate, Products, pH, Magnesium, Fructose 2,6-Bisphosphate, Adenosine Monophosphate, and Dihydroxyacetone Phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Regeneration of Magnesium-2,4-Divinylpheoporphyrin a(5) (Divinyl Protochlorophyllide) in Isolated Developing Chloroplasts.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of the parathyroid glands on the hypercalcemia of experimental magnesium depletion in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium ions on the susceptibility of Pseudomonas species to tetracycline, gentamicin polymyxin B, and carbenicillin.
MAGNESIUM	Multiple cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase activities from rat tissues and occurrence of a calcium-plus-magnesium-ion-dependent phosphodiesterase and its protein activator.
MAGNESIUM	The DNA melting transition in aqueous magnesium salt solutions.
MAGNESIUM	Absorption of magnesium chloride solution in small bowel disease.
MAGNESIUM	Observations on serum iron, zinc, copper and magnesium in intravenously fed patients with chronic sepsis.
MAGNESIUM	Manganese- and magnesium-dependent activities of soluble and particulate guanylate cyclase from sheep kidney outer medulla.
MAGNESIUM	Equilibrium and kinetic studies on the interaction of tetracyclines with calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The concentration of ionized magnesium in barnacle muscle fibres.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-sugar interaction. Synthesis, spectroscopic and structural characterization of Mg-sugar complexes containing beta-D-fructose.
MAGNESIUM	Central role for magnesium in coordinate control of metabolism and growth in animal cells.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium inositol hexaphosphate deposits in mesozoan dispersal larvae.
MAGNESIUM	Preparation and thermoluminescent characteristics of terbium doped magnesium orthosilicate phosphor.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency and parathyroid hormone on cyclic AMP metabolism in rat renal cortex.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium concentrations of the renal cortex in the rat. Comparison of 3 methods of tissular extraction of the principal cations
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-dependent sphingomyelinase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in clinical medicine--a review.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of physiologic alterations on binomial transmitter release at magnesium-depressed neuromuscular junctions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium depletion and hypocalcaemia after removal of parathyroid carcinoma.
MAGNESIUM	Labelling of biological macromolecules with covalent analogs of Magnesium. II. - Features of the chromic Cr (III) ion.
MAGNESIUM	High-Magnesian Calcite: Leaching of Magnesium in the Deep Sea.
MAGNESIUM	Lunar Sample 14425: Characterization and Resemblance to High-Magnesium Microtektites.
MAGNESIUM	Impaired release of parathyroid hormone in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Synergistic Action of Potassium Chloride and Magnesium Sulfate on Parasitoid Wasp Oviposition.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-Iron Replacement in Clay Minerals in Anoxic Marine Sediments.
MAGNESIUM	Crystal Site Location of Iron and Trace Elements in a Magnesium-Iron Olivine by a New Crystallographic Technique.
MAGNESIUM	Single-Crystal Elastic Properties of the Modified Spinel (Beta) Phase of Magnesium Orthosilicate.
MAGNESIUM	Skeletal Low-Magnesium Calcite in Living Scleractinian Corals.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium Isotopic Composition of Interplanetary Dust Particles.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium Interaction with the Surface of Calcite in Seawater.
MAGNESIUM	Equilibration Temperatures of Iron and Magnesium in Chondritic Meteorites.
MAGNESIUM	Early Irradiation of Matter in the Solar System: Magnesium (Proton, Neutron) Scheme.
MAGNESIUM	Ion Pairing of Magnesium Sulfate in Seawater: Determined by Ultrasonic Absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium content of rodent photoreceptor cells as inferred from studies of retinal degeneration.
MAGNESIUM	Fasting urine excretion of magnesium, calcium, and sodium in patients with renal calcium stones.
MAGNESIUM	Refractive properties of magnesium fluoride.
MAGNESIUM	Vacuum ultraviolet loss in magnesium fluoride films.
MAGNESIUM	Optical thin layers of MgF2 produced by decomposition of organic magnesium-fluoro compounds.
MAGNESIUM	Simultaneous peptide and oligonucleotide formation in mixtures of amino acid, nucleoside triphosphate, imidazole, and magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Functional hypoparathyroidism and parathyroid hormone end-organ resistance in human magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-resistant excitatory synaptic potentials in the leech Retzius cell.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of some additives on the adsorption of tetracycline hydrochloride on magnesium trisilicate and milk.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium regulation of phosphorylation by ATP and ITP in sarcoplasmic reticulum vesicles.
MAGNESIUM	Bioengineering of photosynthetic membranes. Requirement of magnesium for the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyll a during the greening of etiochloroplasts in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium Deficiency: An Unrecognized Cause of Convulsions, Arrhythmias, and Neuromuscular Impairment.
MAGNESIUM	Hypophosphatemia: Correct Quantity of 50 Percent Magnesium Sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in serum and urinary magnesium during and after extracorporeal circulation in cardiac surgery in children
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for separate peptide sequences related to the lipolytic and magnesium-accumulating activities of ACTH. Analogy with adrenergic receptors.
MAGNESIUM	Factors controlling the activities of phosphatidate phosphohydrolase and phosphatidate cytidylyltransferase. The effects of chlorpromazine, demethylimipramine, cinchocaine, norfenfluramine, mepyramine and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase from rat liver. Effects of magnesium 5-phosphoribosyl 1-pyrophosphate on the chemical modification and stability of the enzyme.
MAGNESIUM	Glutaminase activity of glutamine-dependent carbamoyl-phosphate synthase from rat ascites hepatoma. Regulation by adenosine triphosphate-magensium and magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Correlated effects of external magnesium on cation content and DNA synthesis in culture chicken embryo fibroblasts.
MAGNESIUM	Hypokalemia and hypomagnesemia in a cirrhotic patient. Correction of metabolic disorders by magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism and action of intracellular magnesium (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium trisilicate and citric acid on the biovailability of tetracycline in man.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of PTH and cAMP on renal handling of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate in the hamster.
MAGNESIUM	Pyrophosphate levels and magnesium oxide therapy in osteogenesis imperfecta.
MAGNESIUM	The binding of calcium and magnesium to sarcoplasmic reticulum vesicles as studied by manganese electron paramagnetic resonance.
MAGNESIUM	In vitro uptake of oral contraceptive steroids by magnesium trisilicate.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium on the cellular levels of cyclic AMP in response to ADH and to noradrenaline in isolated epithelial cells from frog skin
MAGNESIUM	Interrelationship of dietary vitamin D3 with potassium, sodium and magnesium in young turkeys.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on contractile responses induced by electrical transmural stimulation and noradrenaline in rabbit thoracic aorta.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium ions in formation of the phosphoderivative of sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca2+-dependent ATPase
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dibutyryl cyclic AMP, cyclic GMP, and calcium and magnesium ions on the steroid profile formed by rat adrenal tissue incubated in vitro proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Effect of concomitant administration of magnesium trisilicate on GI absorption of dexamethasone in humans.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of adenylate cyclase in bovine adrenal cortex membranes by magnesium ions, guanine nucleotides and corticotropin.
MAGNESIUM	Niemann Pick disease: presence of the magnesium-dependent sphingomyelinase in brain of the infantile form of the disease.
MAGNESIUM	Saturation transfer electron spin resonance study on the rotational diffusion of calcium- and magnesium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase in sarcoplasmic reticulum membranes.
MAGNESIUM	Macrophage migration inhibition factor: interactions with calcium, magnesium, and cyclic AMP.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium ions and the regulation of multiplication in normal and transformed cells.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium, manganese ions and calcium deficiency on synaptic transmission in isolated rat spinal cord
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-dependent sphingomyelinase of infantile brain. Effect of detergents and a heat-stable factor.
MAGNESIUM	Metal ion interaction with nucleic acid bases--interaction of magnesium ion with adenine.
MAGNESIUM	The agonist-specific effect of magnesium ion on binding by beta-adrenergic receptors in S49 lymphoma cells. Interaction of GTP and magnesium in adenylate cyclase activation.
MAGNESIUM	Kinetic properties of a magnesium ion- and calcium ion-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase from the outer-membrane fraction of rat spleen mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Mechanisms of rat liver thiamine pyrophosphokinase activation by magnesium ions
MAGNESIUM	Alpha noradrenergic receptors in brain membranes: sodium, magnesium and guanyl nucleotides modulate agonist binding.
MAGNESIUM	Dissociation between cardiac cyclic AMP and myocardial contractility induced by verapamil, calcium and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on oxalo-calcic experimental lithiasis developed with ethyleneglycol
MAGNESIUM	Influence of intramuscular or intravenous injection of cholecalciferol on serum calcium, phosphorus and magnesium levels in the bovine.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium acetate in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol assay.
MAGNESIUM	Stabilizing effect of magnesium chloride and sucrose on Sabin live polio vaccine.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium silicate before gas-liquid chromatography for determination of "total estrogens" in urine during pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion dependent rabbit skeletal muscle myosin guanosine and thioguanosine triphosphatase mechanism and a novel guanosine diphosphatase reaction.
MAGNESIUM	Mechanism of phenylalanyl-tRNA synthetase of Escherichia coli K. 10. Modulation of catalytic properties by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Suppression by sodium, potassium or nucleotides of binding between cardiac steroid (digoxigenin) and sodium- and potassium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase formed in the presence of magnesium and phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Proliferation of Rous sarcoma virus-infected, but not of normal, chicken fibroblasts in a medium of reduced calcium and magnesium concentration.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of the concentration of free Ca2+ in the presence of magnesium (or manganese) and chelating effectors of the NAD+-linked isocitrate dehydrogenase.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium and magnesium ions, temperature and repetitive stimulation on inhibitory junctional transmission in smooth muscle of guinea-pig small intestine.
MAGNESIUM	Some effects of magnesium ions upon conduction and synaptic activity in the isolated spinal cord of the mouse.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for skeletal resistance to parathyroid hormone in magnesium deficiency. Studies in isolated perfused bone.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and cytotoxic effects of asbestos fibers.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of rat brainstem tryptophan 5-monooxygenase. Calcium-dependent reversible activation by ATP and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	An evaluation of a routine assay of serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol using dextran sulphate and magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on the secretion and action of parathyroid hormone.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of calcium or manganese on the resistance to EDTA, polymyxin B or cold shock, and the composition of Pseudomonas aeruginosa grown in glucose- or magnesium-depleted batch cultures.
MAGNESIUM	Adenosine 3',5' cyclic monophosphate, calcium and magnesium excretion in ethanol intoxication and hangover.
MAGNESIUM	Solubility and net exchange of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in digesta flowing along the gut of the sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Polyphosphate levels in nongrowing cells of Saccharomyces mellis as determined by magnesium ion and the phenomenon of "Uberkompensation".
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ion (Mg2+) and the magnesium adenosine triphosphate ion (MgATP2-) on pigeon liver pyruvate carboxylase.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of calcium and magnesium on gastric acid secretion and serum gastrin concentration in man.
MAGNESIUM	The hepatic adenylate cyclase system. II. Substrate binding and utilization and the effects of magnesium ion and pH.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium binding in the digesta of the chicken.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of 2-thiophenecarboxylic acid on serum ionic calcium and magnesium levels in rats.
MAGNESIUM	The stability constants of magnesium oxalate complexes.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium content of alkaline phosphatase from Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	Further studies on the ganglionic and neuromuscular blocking action of magnesium in the guinea-pig isolated ileum.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium-magnesium aspartate on hemodynamics and myocardial metabolism of coronary disease patient during beta receptor stimulation
MAGNESIUM	A comparison between the magnesium requiring adenosinetriphosphatase of neoronal synaptic vesicles isolated from gerbil and rat brain.
MAGNESIUM	The interaction of calcium and magnesium ions with deoxyribonucleic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Membrane-bound potassium and magnesium ion-stimulated inorganic pyrophosphatase from roots and cotyledons of sugar beet (Beta vulgaris L).
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between magnesium and zinc levels of the diet and its protein utilization.
MAGNESIUM	Sinoatrial automaticity and transmembrane potentials in hamsters on a magnesium-deficient diet.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-induced self-association of calf brain tubulin. I. Stoichiometry.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of an antibacterial drug on urinary calcium, magnesium and phosphorus excretion in patients with neurogenic bladder.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the concentration of calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphate in the plasma of chick (Gallus gallus L.) embryos during incubation.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of tryptophan hydroxylase by adenosine triphosphate, magnesium, and calcium.
MAGNESIUM	Epinephrine infusion decreases magnesium plasma concentration in humans.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium and magnesium on inhibitory junctional transmission in smooth muscle of guinea pig small intestine.
MAGNESIUM	ATP, cyclic AMP, and magnesium increase the affinity of rat striatal tyrosine hydroxylase for its cofactor.
MAGNESIUM	Histological and histochemical changes of myocardium in rats receiving low-magnesium diet and submitted to periodical cold stresses.
MAGNESIUM	Efficacy and limits of magnesium therapy in extrasystole
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and cardiac arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	Hygienic characteristics of exposure of the body to magnesium and aluminum magnide dust and to the aerosol formed during the welding of an aluminum-magnesium alloy
MAGNESIUM	Sex difference of pinnal hyperemia in magnesium-deficient rats: effects of castration and administration of sex hormone.
MAGNESIUM	A high affinity calcium-stimulated ATPase in synaptic plasma membranes detectable in the presence and absence of exogenous magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Intravenous infusion of magnesium sulphate after acute myocardial infarction: effects on arrhythmias and mortality.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on fictive locomotion induced by activation of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors in the lamprey spinal cord in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma levels of copper, zinc and magnesium in the plasma of patients with acute infections.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of altering cellular magnesium content on vascular smooth muscle contractility.
MAGNESIUM	Subcellular concentrations of calcium, zinc, and magnesium in benign nodular hyperplasia of the human prostate: X-ray microanalysis of freeze-dried cryosections.
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular free magnesium in frog skeletal muscle fibres measured with ion-selective micro-electrodes.
MAGNESIUM	Control of thallium and sodium fluxes in isolated adult rat heart cells by anthopleurin-A, verapamil and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Comparability of the results of determining alpha-cholesterol by blood plasma lipoprotein separation using heparin-manganese and magnesium-phosphotungsten mixtures
MAGNESIUM	High-density lipoprotein cholesterol assay by magnesium dextransulphate precipitation.
MAGNESIUM	Cerebral resuscitation after cardiac arrest using hetastarch hemodilution, hyperbaric oxygenation and magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of extracellular calcium and magnesium on bile-salt-stimulated amylase release from rat pancreatic acini.
MAGNESIUM	Role of endothelium in magnesium-induced relaxation of rat aorta.
MAGNESIUM	Dependence of junctional conductance on proton, calcium and magnesium ions in cardiac paired cells of guinea-pig.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on the steady-state-derived order of substrate addition and product release in tRNATrp aminoacylation by beef pancreas tryptophan: tRNA ligase: significance of the deduced mechanism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium dependence of agonist binding to adenylate cyclase-coupled hormone receptors.
MAGNESIUM	Cerebrospinal fluid magnesium and calcium related to amine metabolites, diagnosis, and suicide attempts.
MAGNESIUM	Soft tissue calcium and magnesium content in acute pancreatitis in the dog: calcium accumulation, a mechanism for hypocalcemia in acute pancreatitis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-induced inner membrane aggregation in heart mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Electrophysiological evaluation of the effects of magnesium sulfate in conduction disorders
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus and magnesium metabolism in the 1st days of life. Personal case studies
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus and magnesium metabolism in the 1st days of life. II. Incidence of hypocalcemia, expressiveness of a specific symptomatology in hypocalcemic newborn infants, evaluation of the prevention with calcium gluconate and of the feeding starting time
MAGNESIUM	Photoinitiated mediated transport of H3O+ and/or OH- across glycerol monooleate bilayers doped with magnesium octaethylporphyrin.
MAGNESIUM	Variations in the response of sheep to experimental magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium, magnesium and phosphate in bilharzial hepatic fibrosis.
MAGNESIUM	Parathyroid hormone secretion in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of cardiac adenylate cyclase: horminal modification of the magnesium ion requirement.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of lithium on the membrane-bound magnesium-dependent ATPase of mouse neuroblastoma cells.
MAGNESIUM	Caries reduction in rats by phosphate, magnesium and fluoride additions to diet with modifications of dental calculus and calcium of the kidneys and aorta.
MAGNESIUM	Pig brain glutamine synthetase: an interpretation of the sigmoidal kinetics for magnesium and adenosine triphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium effects on uptake of hexoses and uridine by chick embryo fibroblasts.
MAGNESIUM	A novel magnesium-independent neutral sphingomyelinase associated with rat central nervous system meylin.
MAGNESIUM	31P nuclear magnetic relaxation studies of phosphocreatine in intact muscle: determination of intracellular free magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Pre-operative magnesium trisilicate in children.
MAGNESIUM	Polyamine and magnesium effects on mitochondrial respiration in control and heat-acclimated rats.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of a magnesium deficient diet and cortisone on the growth of the rat incisor.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of the combination of magnesium fluosilicate and manganese on experimental carries in white rats
MAGNESIUM	The Milton survey: Part 1, General methods, height, weight and 24-hour excretion of sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium and creatinine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium reverses inhibitory effects of calcium deprivation on coordinate response of 3T3 cells to serum.
MAGNESIUM	The metal oxide/eugenol cements. II. A diffuse reflectance spectrophotometric study of the setting of zinc oxide and magnesium oxide cements.
MAGNESIUM	Hormonal regulation of magnesium uptake: differential coupling of membrane receptors to magnesium uptake.
MAGNESIUM	Extrusion cooking of a high-fibre cereal product. 2. Effects on apparent absorption of zinc, iron, calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in humans.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of varying the electrolyte concentration and valency, the dielectric constant and the addition of hydroxypropylmethylcellulose on the adsorption of propranolol hydrochloride on to magnesium trisilicate.
MAGNESIUM	Urine analysis of three rodent species with emphasis on calcium and magnesium bicarbonate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions block an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor-mediated component of synaptic transmission in rat hippocampus.
MAGNESIUM	Cyclosporin and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Dose-dependent effect of calcium and magnesium etidronate on salicylic acid absorption in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Distribution of plasma magnesium in various vertebrates.
MAGNESIUM	Separate roles for calcium and magnesium in their synergistic effect on uridine uptake by cultured cells: significance for growth control.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy decreased the rate of intrauterine fetal retardation, premature rupture of membranes and premature delivery in risk pregnancies treated with betamimetics.
MAGNESIUM	Beta-mimetics, magnesium and tocolysis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate and beta-mimetic dual-agent tocolysis in preterm labor after single-agent failure.
MAGNESIUM	Tight divalent metal binding to Escherichia coli F1-adenosinetriphosphatase. Complete substitution of intrinsic magnesium by manganese or cobalt and studies of metal binding sites.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium chloride as an anaesthetic for cephalopods.
MAGNESIUM	Prolonged neuromuscular blockade with vecuronium in a patient treated with magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of the granulation technique and starting material properties on the lubricating effect of granular magnesium stearate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions and oxytocin sensitivity of the male mouse anococcygeus.
MAGNESIUM	Intravenous magnesium in acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Investigation of the film formation of magnesium stearate by applying a flow-through dissolution technique.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium infusion in acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Extracellular magnesium and contractile responses to noradrenaline in the rat tail artery.
MAGNESIUM	A magnesium-sensitive post-synaptic potential in rat cerebral cortex resembles neuronal responses to N-methylaspartate.
MAGNESIUM	Substitution of aluminium salts by magnesium salts in control of dialysis hyperphosphataemia.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in symptomatic atrial fibrillation and their relation to rhythm control by intravenous digoxin.
MAGNESIUM	Substitution of aluminium salts by magnesium salts in control of dialysis hyperphosphataemia.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in plasma prolactin and magnesium in male rats treated with thioproperazine and/or bromocriptine
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium on transmitter release at Ia synapses of rat spinal motoneurones in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Stimulant-like effects of magnesium on aggression in mice.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium dependence of spontaneous and evoked afferent neural activity in the lateral-line organ of Xenopus laevis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium depletion in patients on long-term chlorthalidone therapy for essential hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	Impaired absorption of desmethyldiazepam from clorazepate by magnesium aluminum hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	Solubility and absorption of magnesium fluoride in the intestinal tract
MAGNESIUM	Major intracellular cations and growth control: correspondence among magnesium content, protein synthesis, and the onset of DNA synthesis in BALB/c3T3 cells.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism. Studies in health, primary hyperparathyroidism and renal stone disease.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in healthy subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Copper and magnesium in the plasma and erythrocytes in leukemic patients
MAGNESIUM	Influence of ATP and magnesium on phosphofructokinase from sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax L.) liver.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium regulation of the glycolytic pathway and the enzymes involved.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of anterior pituitary D2 dopamine receptors by magnesium and sodium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in the rat increases tissue levels of docosahexaenoic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Trans-magnesium dependency of ATP-dependent calcium uptake into sarcoplasmic reticulum of skeletal muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of the effects of taurine and magnesium on electrical characteristics of artificial and natural membranes. IV. Effects on different components of the paracellular and cellular conductances of the human amnion
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the analytical method of RBC magnesium
MAGNESIUM	On vasodilators, magnesium and second messengers.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and manganese ions modulate Ca2+ uptake and its energetic coupling in sarcoplasmic reticulum.
MAGNESIUM	A new histochemical method for magnesium actomyosin adenosine triphosphatase at physiological pH.
MAGNESIUM	Antidotal effect of 4-aminopyridine on acute poisoning induced by magnesium sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Acute effect of amiloride on urinary magnesium excretion in dogs.
MAGNESIUM	On the role of magnesium in the reaction of the pyruvate kinase from Salmonella typhimurium.
MAGNESIUM	Cytochemical method for demonstrating magnesium-activated adenosine triphosphatase in haemic cells.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium on the hemolysis of calf and adult cattle erythrocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of magnesium and zinc in skeletal system.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium concentrations in blood and cerebrospinal fluid during delirium tremens.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of type I collagen with sepiolite (magnesium silicate).
MAGNESIUM	Manipulation of intracellular magnesium content in polymyxin B nonapeptide-sensitized Escherichia coli by ionophore A23187.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium trisilicate mixture, metoclopramide and ranitidine on gastric pH, volume and serum gastrin.
MAGNESIUM	Parotid saliva flow rate, calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium concentrations in relation to dental caries experience in children.
MAGNESIUM	Erythrocyte membrane sodium-potassium and magnesium ATPase in primary affective disorder.
MAGNESIUM	Bovine heart cytochrome c oxidase preparations contain high affinity binding sites for magnesium as well as for zinc, copper, and heme iron.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of parenteral magnesium on pulmonary function, plasma cAMP, and histamine in bronchial asthma.
MAGNESIUM	Exchange rates and numbers of annular lipids for the calcium and magnesium ion dependent adenosinetriphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of calcium and magnesium on the spontaneous release of transmitter at insect motor nerve terminals.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion exerts a central role in the regulation of inhibitory adenosine receptors.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of smooth muscle 5'-nucleotidase by imidazole and its reversal by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of ACTH and hydrocortisone on sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium levels and Ca2-ATPase activity in skeletal muscles
MAGNESIUM	Effect of wheat bran and pectin on the absorption and retention of phosphorus, calcium, magnesium and zinc by the growing pig.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence that intracellular magnesium is present in cells at a regulatory concentration for protein synthesis.
MAGNESIUM	Liberation of hydrogen from gastric acid following administration of oral magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation by magnesium of intracellular calcium movement in skinned muscle fibers.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of dinitrophenol on magnesium transport across an isolated preparation of sheep rumen epithelium.
MAGNESIUM	Heavy water inhibition of alkali cation transport across the muscle membrane. II. A comparison of the action of D20 and ouabain on the sodium efflux and rubidium influx in magnesium media
MAGNESIUM	Characterization of a specific, high affinity 3Harginine8 vasopressin-binding site on liver microsomes from different strains of rat and the role of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium trisilicate induced fixed drug eruptions.
MAGNESIUM	In vitro buffering capacity of Alka Seltzer Effervescent. A comparison with magnesium trisilicate mixture B.P. and sodium citrate 0.3 M.
MAGNESIUM	A kinetic colorimetric procedure for quantifying magnesium in serum.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of sodium fluoride on magnesium-activated ATPase from human erythrocyte membranes
MAGNESIUM	Effects of the inorganic salts sodium chloride, sodium bicarbonate, and magnesium sulfate upon the growth and motility of Treponema vincentii.
MAGNESIUM	Myocardial contractility after injection of prolonged infusion of magnesium sulphate.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency on the pathogenesis of myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in the pathogenesis of mitral valve prolapse.
MAGNESIUM	Red cell metabolism in hereditary pyrimidine 5'-nucleotidase deficiency: effect of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Alteration of prostanoid metabolism in rats with magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium-potassium, magnesium, and calcium ATPase activities in erythrocyte membranes from manic-depressive patients responding to lithium.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of magnesium-dependent, neutral sphingomyelinase by phosphatidylserine.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of magnesium but not calcium transport by phorbol ester.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of sodium bicarbonate, magnesium oxide, and a commercial buffer mixture in early lactation cows fed hay crop silage.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of sodium bicarbonate versus aluminum-magnesium hydroxide on postprandial gastric acid in duodenal ulcer patients.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium or magnesium concentration affects the severity of organophosphate-induced neuromuscular block.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in open-heart surgery.
MAGNESIUM	ATP sulfurylase-dependent assays for inorganic pyrophosphate: applications to determining the equilibrium constant and reverse direction kinetics of the pyrophosphatase reaction, magnesium binding to orthophosphate, and unknown concentrations of pyrophosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Sensitivity of pyruvate dehydrogenase phosphate phosphatase to magnesium ions. Similar effects of spermine and insulin.
MAGNESIUM	Ca2+-sensitive cross-bridge dissociation in the presence of magnesium pyrophosphate in skinned rabbit psoas fibers.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-nucleic acid conformational changes and cancer.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of the intravenous administration of magnesium sulfate on corrected serum calcium level and nephrogenous cyclic AMP excretion in normal human subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary phosphorus and roughage levels on calcium, magnesium and potassium utilization by sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium and other divalent cations in ATP-utilizing enzymes.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium depletion on 3H-ouabain binding site concentration in rat skeletal muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Photoexcitation of electron orbits in the magnesium atom and (Na+-K+) ATPase functioning
MAGNESIUM	Ranitidine, cimetidine and magnesium silicate in the prevention of aspiration pneumonia
MAGNESIUM	Therapy of alcoholism. The use of thiamine, ATP and magnesium and the control of clomethiazole sympathetic blockade (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of free and bound magnesium in rat hepatocytes and isolated mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Stability of vitamin D2, calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus in parenteral nutrition solution: effect of in-line filter.
MAGNESIUM	Cytoenzymatic studies on the lymphocytes of peripheral blood and lymphatic nodes of rats in an experimental magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Long-term effects of combined vitamin B6-magnesium administration in an autistic child.
MAGNESIUM	Matrix magnesium and the permeability of heart mitochondria to potassium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: a necessity of life
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of rat heart membrane adenylate cyclase by magnesium and manganese.
MAGNESIUM	Functional compartmentation of intracellular magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Antiarrhythmic effects of intravenous magnesium sulfate in torsade de pointes. Apropos of 6 cases
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the blood and urine of cows during various stages of the reproductive interval being fed summer and winter feed rations
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on norepinephrine-and histamine-induced contractions of pulmonary vascular smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium supplementation on blood pressure and electrolyte concentrations in hypertensive patients receiving long term diuretic treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation of chloral hydrate and magnesium sulphate sedation in buffalo calves (Bubalus bubalis).
MAGNESIUM	Formation of calcium oxalate urolithiasis in experiment and its inhibition by pyridoxine and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of torsade des pointes by intravenous magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Euglena gracilis chromatin: comparison of effects of zinc, iron, magnesium, or manganese deficiency and cold shock.
MAGNESIUM	Postoperative serum level and urinary excretion of magnesium following heart surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Vasomotor responses of isolated human coronary arteries to magnesium, nitroglycerin and verapamil: a comparison with coronary arteries from cat and rat.
MAGNESIUM	Dietary magnesium and mineralocorticoid DOCA-salt hypertension in the rat. Effect on the metabolism of sodium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in tooth enamel and synthetic apatites.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of a deficient supply of magnesium during the dry period on the rate of calcium mobilisation by dairy cows at parturition.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of adrenocortical hormones on magnesium metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Specific change of histamine metabolism in acute magnesium-deficient young rats.
MAGNESIUM	Absorption of magnesium by the young steer.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of zero magnesium dialysate and magnesium supplements on ionised calcium concentration in patients on regular dialysis treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of sodium valproate and magnesium on the secretion of various pituitary hormones
MAGNESIUM	Constipation in elderly long-stay patients: its treatment by magnesium hydroxide and bulk-laxative.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of magnesium and zinc in patients treated with antiepileptic drugs and with magnesium lactate.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium ion in the pathogenesis of toxic shock syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	A latent activity dynein-like cytoplasmic magnesium adenosine triphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of embryonic magnesium deficiency on odontogenesis in Wistar rats
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions reveal nanomolar potency of dopamine at 3Hspiperone labelled D-2 receptors in rat corpus striatum.
MAGNESIUM	Anti-arrhythmia effects of magnesium salts. 4 cases
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of torsades de pointes with magnesium sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium, magnesium and temperature on praziquantel-induced tegument damage of the male Schistosoma japonicum
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of magnesium and inorganic phosphate with calcium-deprived sarcoplasmic reticulum adenosinetriphosphatase as reflected by organic solvent induced perturbation.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of prednisolone on the rat bone calcium, phosphorus and magnesium concentration.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-dependent conformational changes of membrane proteins are related to the Mg2+-dependent ATPase activity in cardiac sarcolemma.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium on state 3 respiration of liver mitochondria from control and cold-acclimated rats and hamsters.
MAGNESIUM	Perch muscle parvalbumin: general characterization and magnesium-binding properties.
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular pH of cardiac muscle after administration of potassium-magnesium-aspartate (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of pH on chloroplast photosynthesis. Inhibition of O2 evolution by inorganic phosphate and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The activation of ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase by carbon dioxide and magnesium ions. Equilibria, kinetics, a suggested mechanism, and physiological implications.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of aspartate carbamoyltransferase of Escherichia coli by the interrelationship of magnesium and nucleotides.
MAGNESIUM	Study of magnesium level in myocardium and aorta tissues from subjects free of ishemic necrosis (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Methionyl-tRNA synthetase from Escherichia coli: substituting magnesium by manganese in the L-methionine activating reaction.
MAGNESIUM	Site-specific membrane particle arrays in magnesium-depleted Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium modulation of glucose-induced insulin secretion by the perfused rat pancreas.
MAGNESIUM	Antagonistic effect of magnesium chloride on the nickel chloride-induced inhibition of DNA replication in Chinese hamster ovary cells.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions still necessary in isoleucyl-tRNA formation.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium gradient-dependent and calcium gradient-independent phosphorylation of sarcoplasmic reticulum by orthophosphate. The role of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma aldosterone and magnesium in serum and urine during lithium treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium as a regulatory cation: criteria and evaluation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium status in pregnant women. A comparison between treatment with calcium and vitamin C in pregnant women with leg cramps.
MAGNESIUM	Renal handling of calcium and magnesium in idiopathic stone disease.
MAGNESIUM	A comparison of magnesium sulfate and alcohol for the prevention of premature labor.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion requirements for yeast enolase activity.
MAGNESIUM	Peptone-stimulated gastric secretion and antacids. Effect of antacids with various content of calcium, magnesium and aluminiumions on the peptone-induced secretion of gastric juice, double-blind study
MAGNESIUM	Blood pressure and plasma renin activity after magnesium supplementation in the spontaneously hypertensive rat: a study during developing and established hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium, magnesium, iron and copper in serum by flame atomic absorption spectrophotometry
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium movements in cells and the role of inositol trisphosphate in muscle.
MAGNESIUM	RNA-ligant interactions. (I) Magnesium binding sites in yeast tRNAPhe.
MAGNESIUM	Kinetics of nitrogenase of Klebsiella pneumoniae. Heterotropic interactions between magnesium-adenosine 5'-diphosphate and magnesium-adenosine 5'-triphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in animal and human reproduction
MAGNESIUM	Significance of a magnesium deficit in the pathogenesis of otosclerosis (a clinical and experimental study)
MAGNESIUM	Combined sodium-magnesium deficiency in the sheep
MAGNESIUM	Absorption of magnesium from orally administered magnesium sulfate in man.
MAGNESIUM	Structural analysis of spermine and magnesium ion binding to yeast phenylalanine transfer RNA.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary calcium and magnesium on experimental renal tubular deposition of calcium oxalate crystal induced by ethylene glycol administration and its prevention with phytin and citrate.
MAGNESIUM	Preliminary evaluation of the effect of natural water containing magnesium and calcium on changes in selected indicators of lipid metabolism in the serum of normo- and hyperlipemic persons
MAGNESIUM	pH dependence of magnesium ion binding to prothrombin fragment 1 and gamma-carboxyglutamic acid-containing peptides via 25Mg NMR.
MAGNESIUM	Lack of effect of piretanide (a potassium-stable diuretic) on serum magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium sulfate on thrombus formation following partial arterial constriction: implications for coronary vasospasm.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of phosphorus excess on magnesium metabolism in growing pigs
MAGNESIUM	Renal wasting of magnesium and phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium deficiency during lactation and in the first two weeks after weaning: decreased ash and increased magnesium in bone of rat pups.
MAGNESIUM	Pitfalls in a study of magnesium replenishment.
MAGNESIUM	Tissue magnesium content in diabetic rats.
MAGNESIUM	Cardiovascular effects of magnesium sulphate in the baboon.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium sulfate in unstable angina pectoris
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: not essential for renal preservations by initial perfusion and hypothermic storage.
MAGNESIUM	Vasomotor effects of magnesium: a comparison with nifedipine and verapamil of in vitro reactivity in feline cerebral and peripheral arteries.
MAGNESIUM	Unstable behavior of magnesium-containing hydroxyapatites.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of a sport drink mixture with and without addition of fluoride and magnesium on plaque formation, dental caries and general health of rats.
MAGNESIUM	Relationships between blood pressure and urinary sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium in Bantu of Zaire.
MAGNESIUM	An animal model of cisplatin-induced magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Light and transmission electron microscopy of the effects of calcium, magnesium and phosphate on dentine and enamel formed by rat molars in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of different combinations of calcium, magnesium and phosphate on the inorganic composition of rat molars in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium, magnesium, iron, copper and zinc in serum by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometry
MAGNESIUM	Differential effects of manganese and magnesium on two types of slowly adapting cutaneous mechanoreceptor afferent units in frogs.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of partial activation on force-velocity properties of frog skinned muscle fibers in millimolar magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Width and lattice spacing in radially compressed frog skinned muscle fibres at various pH values, magnesium ion concentrations and ionic strengths.
MAGNESIUM	Serum levels of vitamin D metabolites, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium and alkaline phosphatase in Finnish women throughout pregnancy and in cord serum at delivery.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical disorders of calcium, phosphate, magnesium, and hydrogen ion metabolism: diagnostic approach.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium inhibits basal release of endothelium-derived relaxing factor in canine coronary arteries.
MAGNESIUM	Differential effect of MDP treatment on magnesium in rat tissues.
MAGNESIUM	Strong magnesium binding sites in yeast phenylalanine transfer RNA.
MAGNESIUM	Resolution of oliguria in a pre-eclamptic after treatment with magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate: rationale for its use in preeclampsia.
MAGNESIUM	Succinylcholine pretreatment with magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium uptake by pancreatic islet cells is modulated by stimulators and inhibitors of the B-cell function.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of pH value and magnesium on the antibacterial activity of quinolone preparations
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium content of the food supply in the modern-day world.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and cell cycle control: an update.
MAGNESIUM	Spontaneous paroxysmal activity induced by zero magnesium and bicuculline: suppression by NMDA antagonists and GABA mimetics.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in the serum and erythrocytes measured by atomic absorption spectrophotometry
MAGNESIUM	Systemic stress, magnesium status and cardiovascular damage.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and cardiac arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium interrelationships in cardiac arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemistry and pathophysiology of congestive heart failure: is there a role for magnesium?
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, lipids and vascular diseases. Experimental evidence in animal models.
MAGNESIUM	Pregnancy-induced hypertension and low birth weight in magnesium-deficient ewes.
MAGNESIUM	Type A behavior and magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	The role of ATP-magnesium in ischemia and shock.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium supplementation in testicular cancer patients receiving cis-platin: a randomised trial.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism and its disorders
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium and potassium ions in the molecular mechanism of ribosome assembly: hydrodynamic, conformational, and thermal stability studies of 16 S RNA from Escherichia coli ribosomes.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of staphylococcal toxic shock syndrome toxin-1 and total exoprotein production by magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Electron probe analysis, X-ray mapping, and electron energy-loss spectroscopy of calcium, magnesium, and monovalent ions in log-phase and in dividing Escherichia coli B cells.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and bone disease.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of adenosine triphosphate and magnesium chloride on affinity elution of aminoacyl-transfer ribonucleic acid synthetases from phosphocellulose with transfer ribonucleic acids.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium, cadmium and zinc in the pathogenesis of primary arterial hypertension
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and sodium ions on the outer membrane permeability of cephalosporins in Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-dependent plaque formation by bacteriophage P1cinC(-) on Escherichia coli C and Shigella sonnei.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport in Salmonella typhimurium: characterization of magnesium influx and cloning of a transport gene.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and lipids in cardiovascular disease.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and cardiac arrhythmias: nutrient or drug?
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in cardiac energy metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Multiple sclerosis: decreased relapse rate through dietary supplementation with calcium, magnesium and vitamin D.
MAGNESIUM	Feedback of the magnesium ion on the parathyroid hormone: differences in the action of magnesium sulfate and pyrrolidone carboxylate
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium limitation and its role in apparent toxicity of ethanol during yeast fermentation.
MAGNESIUM	Insulin induces opposite changes in plasma and erythrocyte magnesium concentrations in normal man.
MAGNESIUM	The status of magnesium in rabbits with experimentally-induced diabetes mellitus.
MAGNESIUM	Adjunctive magnesium sulfate infusion does not alter metabolic changes associated with ritodrine tocolysis.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ion on the structure of the 5S RNA from Escherichia coli. An imino proton magnetic resonance study of the helix I, IV, and V regions of the molecule.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirements for guanosine 5'-O-(3-thiotriphosphate) induced assembly of microtubule protein and tubulin.
MAGNESIUM	Adrenergic control of plasma magnesium in man.
MAGNESIUM	A fresh look at magnesium trisilicate.
MAGNESIUM	Unresolved questions of renal magnesium homeostasis.
MAGNESIUM	Renal handling of magnesium: drug and hormone interactions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium-sparing diuretics.
MAGNESIUM	The physiology of renal magnesium handling.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in alcoholism.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between magnesium, cancer and carcinogenic or anticancer metals.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium and magnesium in schizophrenia: relationship to clinical phenomena and neuroleptic treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Does magnesium sulfate treat eclamptic convulsions?
MAGNESIUM	Acute digitalis poisoning: the role of intravenous magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Renal magnesium wasting disorders.
MAGNESIUM	Insulin and plasma magnesium in normal and obese subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of altered dietary calcium intake in experimental hypertension: role of intracellular free magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of magnesium in human tissues and fluids: a historical perspective.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium ion and ascorbic acid on the erythrocytic schizogony of Plasmodium vivax.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma digoxin and magnesium concentration in open heart surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Age-related characteristics of the effect of adrenomimetics and adrenoblockaders on the calcium and magnesium content of the rat myocardium
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and fluoride on ion exchange and acid resistance of enamel.
MAGNESIUM	A peptide (a magnesium salt of N-acetyl (alpha, beta)-aspartyl-glutamic acid). Demonstration of the protection against local cellular destruction induced by in situ complement activation
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-deficiency syndrome
MAGNESIUM	Serum levels of copper, zinc and magnesium in parturients and newborn infants in term and prolonged pregnancies
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium chloride on various indicators of the leukocyte and erythrocyte systems and blood balance
MAGNESIUM	Correction of subnormal fertility with copper and magnesium supplementation.
MAGNESIUM	Significance of serum magnesium in pulmonary tuberculosis.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcitonin on the magnesium-induced bone resorption in the mouse.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the cardiovascular system.
MAGNESIUM	Relation of soil and plant magnesium to nutrition of animals and man.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium status in healthy subjects as assessed by analysis of magnesium and potassium in skeletal muscle biopsies and magnesium in mononuclear cells.
MAGNESIUM	The mechanism of aminoacylation of transfer ribonucleic acid. The role of magnesium and spermine in the synthesis of isoleucyl-tRNA.
MAGNESIUM	Dental conditions of workers at a Norwegian industry. Part II. Magnesium content of blood and saliva
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and octylguanidinium inhibition of monovalent cation translocation in mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemistry and physiology of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Response to influenza vaccine in uremic patients: relation to erythrocyte magnesium and the value of a second injection
MAGNESIUM	Adsorption of antihypertensives by suspensoids. Part I. The adsorption of propranolol hydrochloride by attapulgite, charcoal, kaolin and magnesium trisilicate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency--causes, clinical aspects and therapy
MAGNESIUM	The role of calcium, magnesium, and zinc in carcinogenesis.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of calcium, magnesium, lanthanum and A23187 on the aggregation of polymorphonuclear neutrophils.
MAGNESIUM	Therapeutic drug monitoring of magnesium sulfate in the treatment of pregnancy-induced hypertension
MAGNESIUM	Protection against ill effects of aspirin on chromosomes in allium root tips by ascorbic acid or magnesium ions--pilot study.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium and PTH relationships in dialysis patients after magnesium repletion.
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of serum magnesium concentrations in children with juvenile chronic arthritis
MAGNESIUM	Determining magnesium levels in food products
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium transport and influence of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3. In vivo perfusion study at the colon of the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Aluminum-magnesium antacids and the bioavailability of ketoscilium in man.
MAGNESIUM	Kidney function in rats with corticomedullary nephrocalcinosis: effects of alterations in dietary calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Cation exchanges of yeast in the absence of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of hydrocortisone acetate on the magnesium metabolism during pregnancy in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium hydroxide treatment of hyperphosphatemia in chronic hemodialysis patients with an aluminum overload
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of magnesium in recurrent calcic nephrolithiasis. Evaluation on different dietary regimens
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in the growth of calcium oxalate monohydrate and calcium oxalate dihydrate crystals.
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of serum magnesium in chronic sclerogenetic hepatopathies
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium trisilicate on nitrofurantoin absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Systemic and regional hemodynamic effect of acute magnesium administration in the normotensive and hypertensive state.
MAGNESIUM	Circannual variations in blood pressure, urinary catecholamine excretion, plasma aldosterone, and serum sodium, potassium, calcium, and magnesium in children 11 +/- 1.5 years of age.
MAGNESIUM	The hypocalcemia of magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Renal handling of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Concentration of selenium, zinc, copper, iron and magnesium in the umbilical cord serum of healthy term newborn infants
MAGNESIUM	A reexamination of the role of magnesium in the human alternative pathway of complement.
MAGNESIUM	Excess magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Drug information. Bones, liver and muscles contain the element magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Antagonistic effects of perilymphatic calcium and magnesium on the activity of single cochlear afferent neurons.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of increasing the plasma magnesium concentration on renin release from the dog's kidney: interactions with calcium and sodium.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on transient depolarizations and triggered activity induced by ouabain in guinea pig ventricular muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium attenuates methacholine-induced bronchoconstriction in asthmatics.
MAGNESIUM	Variable response of serum magnesium and total cholesterol to different magnesium intakes and exercise levels in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the serum levels of selenium, zinc, copper, iron and magnesium during pregnancy
MAGNESIUM	Importance of magnesium in preventing late pregnancy toxicoses (pre-eclampsia) (preliminary report)
MAGNESIUM	Are magnesium determinations in postmortem material useful in the detection of hypomagnesemia and chronic alcoholism in the framework of forensic autopsies?
MAGNESIUM	Possibilities of the protection of continuously irradiated rats and mice with potassium and magnesium aspartates correction of aspirates.
MAGNESIUM	Tyrosine hydroxylase regulation in rat striatal and olfactory tubercle slices--I. Activation induced by exposure to a calcium-free and high-magnesium medium.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for a reduced urinary magnesium/creatinine ratio in patients with calcium urolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium excretion in recurrent calcium urolithiasis. Evaluation of 46 hypercalciuric patients.
MAGNESIUM	Renal excretion of calcium, oxalate and magnesium between 3 and 16 years: the value of overnight urine. The Cimitile Study.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium prevents acute hypercalcemic hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-containing preparations in the complex treatment of rickets
MAGNESIUM	Determination of silicon, calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in urine using inductively-coupled plasma emission spectrometry and a matrix-matching technique.
MAGNESIUM	Beneficial effects of magnesium in global myocardial ischemia.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium status in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
MAGNESIUM	Production of toxic-shock-syndrome toxin-1: effect of magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the production of toxic-shock-syndrome toxin-1 by Staphylococcus aureus.
MAGNESIUM	Pediatric reference values for calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphorus in serum obtained from Bhattacharya plots for data from unselected patients.
MAGNESIUM	A transplantable rat Leydig cell tumor--3. Isoproterenol and prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) responsive adenylyl cyclase (AC). Regulatory effects of nucleotides and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Stability of the hexagonal lattice structure formed by an R-form lipopolysaccharide of Klebsiella: decrease in the stability by electrodialysis and recovery by addition of the magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of penicillamine therapy on the concentration of zinc, copper, iron, calcium and magnesium in the serum and their excretion in urine
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on ultrastructural changes in coronary arteries of swine.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium, magnesium, and cardiovascular morbidity. Proceedings of a symposium. November 10, 1985, Washington, D.C.
MAGNESIUM	Thiazide treatment of hypertension. Effects of thiazide diuretics on serum potassium, magnesium, and ventricular ectopy.
MAGNESIUM	Thiamine-deficient encephalopathy in rats: effects of deficiencies of thiamine and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium ions on the toxicity of cadmium to the egg of the teleost, Oryzias latipes.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium sulfate on cardiac conduction and refractoriness in humans.
MAGNESIUM	Rheographic indications for reduced cerebral vasoconstriction after oral magnesium medication in tetanic patients, a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
MAGNESIUM	Serum, red blood cell and whole blood magnesium in patients with uncomplicated acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of infusion of the beta-adrenoceptor agonist terbutaline on serum magnesium in pregnant women.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium status in patients with acute myocardial infarction: a pilot study.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium in response to an oral calcium load.
MAGNESIUM	Roentgenostructural phase analysis of urinary calculi. IV. Results of the analysis of calculi containing calcium and magnesium phosphates
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in the serum and urine of patients with myocardial infarction
MAGNESIUM	Vitamin D resistance and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Sustained postischemic cardiodepression following magnesium-diltiazem cardioplegia.
MAGNESIUM	Parenteral administration of magnesium in spasmophilia
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in aqueous humor.
MAGNESIUM	Leucoquinizarin as an analytical spectrophotometric and fluorimetric reagent: application to the determination of magnesium in pharmaceutical preparations.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion dependent equilibria, kinetics, and thermodynamic parameters of Artemia ribosome dissociation and subunit association.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-sensitive cellular and subcellular transport of sodium, potassium, magnesium, and calcium in sodium-loaded vascular smooth muscle. Electron probe analysis.
MAGNESIUM	Stepwise regression equations relating plasma or erythrocyte magnesium and other variables in insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetics.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of serum magnesium and feed intake on serum growth hormone concentrations.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium, fluoride and magnesium supplementations on tissue mineralization in calcium- and magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Hepatic and serum levels of zinc, copper, and magnesium in childhood cirrhosis.
MAGNESIUM	Myocardial recovery during post-ischaemic reperfusion: effects of nifedipine, calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Ventricular arrhythmias in acute myocardial infarction and the changes in serum magnesium levels
MAGNESIUM	Prompt termination and/or prevention of cold-pressor-stimulus-induced vasoconstriction of different vascular beds by magnesium sulfate in patients with Prinzmetal's angina.
MAGNESIUM	Content of magnesium in drinking water and deaths from ischaemic heart disease in white South Africans.
MAGNESIUM	Simultaneous measurement by means of ion-specific electrodes of free intracellular ionized calcium and magnesium in rabbit skeletal muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Dependence between the magnesium and calcium content of the spermatozoa of rams and their motility
MAGNESIUM	Glucose polymer increases jejunal calcium, magnesium, and zinc absorption in humans.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium, potassium, magnesium and calcium tissue levels in the rat during pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Absorption of magnesium in the intestines after administration of a single dose of MgO to healthy volunteers
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium. Inter-relationships in cardiac disorders.
MAGNESIUM	Viscosimetric studies of the effect of magnesium ions on DNA in the presence of H1 histone and bovine serum albumin.
MAGNESIUM	Hyperreactivity of platelets from spontaneously hypertensive rats. Role of external magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Action of hydrochloric acid on aluminum hydroxide-magnesium hydroxide gels and magaldrate: quasi-elastic light scattering studies.
MAGNESIUM	Routine plasma magnesium estimation: a useful test?
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of esophageal carcinogenesis in corn-fed rats by riboflavin, nicotinic acid, selenium, molybdenum, zinc, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the blood in cardiac surgery patients
MAGNESIUM	Role of cadmium and magnesium in pathogenesis of idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation by computerized axial tomography of eclamptic women with seizures refractory to magnesium sulfate therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Supply of magnesium to the dairy cow during pasturing
MAGNESIUM	Routine measurement of calcium, magnesium, copper, zinc, and iron in urine and serum by inductively coupled plasma emission spectroscopy.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of a new anti-allergic agent: the magnesium salt of N-acetyl-aspartyl-glutamic acid on experimental allergic inflammation of the rabbit eye.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on the absorption and excretion of calcium and oxalate ions.
MAGNESIUM	Limited effect of magnesium sulphate on torsades de pointes ventricular tachycardia.
MAGNESIUM	Role of aluminium and magnesium effects on initiation and promotion of renal osteodystrophy in patients with chronic renal failure
MAGNESIUM	Clastogenicity in vitro of the Na, K, Ca and Mg salts of saccharin; and of magnesium chloride; consideration of significance.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy in myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of short chain fatty acid administration on hepatic glucose, phosphate, magnesium and calcium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Hypomagnesemia and renal magnesium wasting in patients treated with cisplatin.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium hydroxide and low magnesium dialysate does not permit reduction of aluminum hydroxide during continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulphate injection in the management of early ischaemic contracture of the myocardium.
MAGNESIUM	Cathartic-induced magnesium toxicity during overdose management.
MAGNESIUM	Photoinitiated ion movements in bilayer membranes containing magnesium octaethylporphyrin.
MAGNESIUM	Genetic factors regulating magnesium concentrations in plasma and erythrocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Hypomagnesemia and renal magnesium wasting in patients receiving cisplatin.
MAGNESIUM	Catalysis of the dephosphorylation of an ATP-molybdate complex by calcium and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium utilization during gestation in the rat and effect of hydrocortisone on it.
MAGNESIUM	Epileptiform activity in combined slices of the hippocampus, subiculum and entorhinal cortex during perfusion with low magnesium medium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of intraruminal sodium and potassium concentrations and of the transmural potential difference on magnesium absorption from the temporarily isolated rumen of sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Free intracellular magnesium concentration in ferret ventricular muscle measured with ion selective micro-electrodes.
MAGNESIUM	Efficacy of magnesium sulfate in the treatment of torsade de pointes.
MAGNESIUM	Recent developments in the etiology and treatment of hypertension: dietary calcium, fat, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Solubility of palmitoyl-coenzyme A in acyltransferase assay buffers containing magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Severe hypermagnesaemia due to magnesium sulphate enemas in patients with hepatic coma.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of magnesium in serum and urine with a random access analyzer by use of a modified xylidyl blue-1 procedure.
MAGNESIUM	A multi-centre study on within-person variability in the urinary excretion of sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium and creatinine in 8 European centres.
MAGNESIUM	Trace minerals and magnesium in atherosclerosis and hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in the United States, 1971-1974.
MAGNESIUM	Combined therapy with magnesium sulfate and terbutaline for preterm labor tocolysis
MAGNESIUM	Plasma catecholamines in acute magnesium deficiency in weanling rats.
MAGNESIUM	Preparation, characterization, and controlled release from coprecipitates of fluorescein and magnesium hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular sodium, potassium and magnesium concentration, ouabain-sensitive 86rubidium-uptake and sodium-efflux and Na+, K+-cotransport activity in erythrocytes of normal male subjects studied on two occasions.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical comparative evaluation of choline magnesium trisalicylate and acetylsalicylic acid in rheumatoid arthritis.
MAGNESIUM	A case of paroxysmal tachycardia of the torsade de pointes type: the role of magnesium in the etiology and treatment
MAGNESIUM	Failure to determine HDL2 cholesterol with dextran sulphate following isolation of HDL with phosphotungstate and magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the plasma levels of copper, zinc, calcium, magnesium and selenium in thioacetamide induced liver cirrhosis.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma levels of zinc, copper, magnesium and calcium in rats after partial hepatectomy.
MAGNESIUM	Abnormal calcium, magnesium and zinc stores in peripheral blood cells from patients with inflammatory connective tissue disease.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma levels of zinc, copper, magnesium and calcium during early weeks of gestation.
MAGNESIUM	Long-term effect of magnesium pyridoxal 5-phosphate glutamate in rabbits developing hypercholesterolemia.
MAGNESIUM	Does magnesium stimulate adrenocortical secretion?
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and erythrocyte copper, zinc, manganese and magnesium concentrations in Wilson's disease.
MAGNESIUM	An estimate of the ion-activity product of magnesium ammonium phosphate in urine.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for a magnesium- and ATP-dependent calcium extrusion pump in dog erythrocytes.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of drinking water temperature in winter on water, magnesium and calcium metabolisms in ewes.
MAGNESIUM	Significance of magnesium in pediatrics
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium concentration in myocardial infarct
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation of the effects of vincristine, adriamycin and cyclophosphamide on urinary excretion of magnesium in healthy rats
MAGNESIUM	Mseleni joint disease. Part II. Low serum calcium and magnesium levels in women.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium citrate on the adsorptive capacity of activated charcoal for sodium salicylate.
MAGNESIUM	The importance of magnesium in orthopedics. Part 1. Introduction, metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Use of ritodrine, terbutaline, and magnesium sulfate in preterm labor.
MAGNESIUM	Cardiac arrhythmias in hypertensive outpatients on various diuretics. Correlation between incidence and serum potassium and magnesium levels.
MAGNESIUM	Transfer of magnesium across the perfused choroid plexus of sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of vinblastine with calf brain tubulin: effects of magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-proton and calcium-magnesium antagonisms in calmodulin: microcalorimetric and potentiometric analyses.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium inhibition of hyperpolarization of the Amphiuma red cell membrane induced by calcium and A23187 proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Decreased amniotic fluid magnesium concentration in diabetic pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Thermic effects of tocolytic agents: decreased temperature with magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium acetate on the toxicity of nickelous acetate in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of a deficiency of carbon, nitrogen, phosphorus and magnesium in the growth medium on the mechanical properties of Escherichia coli cell walls
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium metabolism in peptic ulcer patients
MAGNESIUM	Serum, lymphocyte, and erythrocyte potassium, magnesium, and calcium concentrations and their relation to tachyarrhythmias in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the premenstrual syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Muscle magnesium content and cardiac arrhythmias during treatment of congestive heart failure due to chronic chagasic cardiomyopathy.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of reagent pH on determination of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol by precipitation with sodium phosphotungstate-magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-free medium activates seizure-like events in the rat hippocampal slice.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in health and disease.
MAGNESIUM	Dietary magnesium and urolithiasis in growing calves.
MAGNESIUM	Enhancing effect of magnesium ion on cell-free synthesis of read-through protein of bacteriophage Qbeta.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of manganese, calcium, magnesium, and zinc on nickel-induced suppression of murine natural killer cell activity.
MAGNESIUM	Chronic renal failure and magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of two methods for determination of magnesium concentration of mononuclear blood cells.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement and control of intracellular magnesium ion concentration in guinea pig and ferret ventricular myocardium.
MAGNESIUM	Methods for the estimation of serum magnesium in clinical laboratories.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of cytoplasmic, free magnesium concentration with entrapped eriochrome blue in nerve endings isolated from the guinea pig brain.
MAGNESIUM	Interrelationships between the concentration of magnesium, calcium, and strontium in the hair of Japanese school children.
MAGNESIUM	Disorders of magnesium/calcium metabolism related to cisplatin therapy
MAGNESIUM	The use of magnesium sulfate for tocolysis in preterm labor complicated by twin gestation and betamimetic-induced pulmonary edema.
MAGNESIUM	Exchanges of magnesium and phosphorus at different sites in the ruminant stomach.
MAGNESIUM	Patterns of redistribution of calcium and magnesium in the tissues of lactating white mice
MAGNESIUM	Effect of sodium salicylate on renal handling of calcium, phosphate and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary monensin and potassium on apparent absorption of magnesium and other macroelements in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Routine serum magnesium determination--a continuing unrecognized need.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of drugs on magnesium requirements.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium intake during pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and obesity: effects of treatment on magnesium and other parameters.
MAGNESIUM	Tissue minerals of magnesium-deficient rats with thiamine deficiency and excess.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of aging, chronic disease, and multiple supplements on magnesium requirements.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus and magnesium levels in the soil, grass and the body of bulls after irrigation of the soil with sewage water
MAGNESIUM	Fluoride, magnesium and dental caries. Current aspects.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-deficient hairless rat: spleen cells mitogenic responses and variations in hormonal status.
MAGNESIUM	Rapid atomic spectrometric determination of sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium in powdered milk by direct dispersion.
MAGNESIUM	A preliminary study on serum magnesium levels in patients seen at the Kenyatta National Hospital, Nairobi.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical studies of a magnesium-fortified diet for patients with cardiovascular diseases
MAGNESIUM	Effect of various levels of magnesium and fluorides on erythrocyte glycolysis in vitro
MAGNESIUM	Effect of chronic administration of various magnesium salts on magnesium levels in rabbit erythrocytes and plasma in vitro
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the urine of persons chronically exposed to fluorides emitted by an aluminum foundry before and 1 year after closing down the source of emission
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium salts on the urinary excretion of fluorine in persons chronically exposed to fluorides
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium and phosphorus levels in the blood and urine of persons chronically exposed to fluorides before and after preventive administration of magnesium salts
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on body metabolism and medical consequences of its deficiency
MAGNESIUM	ATP, glucose and lactate levels in the blood of persons exposed to fluorides before and after preventive administration of magnesium salts
MAGNESIUM	Serum cations (calcium and magnesium) in leprosy.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on rat pineal N-acetyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.5) activity.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of orally administered magnesium hydroxide in experimental iron intoxication.
MAGNESIUM	Histological and ultrastructural changes in femoral muscle of rat caused by low-magnesium diet.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of exposure to cold on the ultrastructural changes in the myocardium of rats on low-magnesium diet.
MAGNESIUM	Vacuolar pool of magnesium in cells of the yeast Saccharomyces cereviciae.
MAGNESIUM	Investigations of the mixing time dependence of the lubricating properties of granular and powdered magnesium stearate.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in schizophrenia.
MAGNESIUM	Preliminary report on the use of magnesium sulfate in cases of severe pre-eclampsia and eclampsia.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the cardiovascular system. 12th annual French colloquium on magnesium. Paris, December 8, 1984.
MAGNESIUM	Study of several parameters of magnesium metabolism in spontaneously hypertensive rats
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in patients after myocardial infarction or unstable angina treated with nitrites and calcium antagonists.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium, zinc, potassium, total and HDL cholesterol and total creatine kinase in 37 cases of instable angina: a correlation study
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of urinary magnesium in comparison with urinary calcium and oxaluria in rats subjected to portacaval anastomosis
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of the effects of taurine and magnesium on electrical characteristics of artificial and natural membranes. V. Study on the human amnion of the antagonism between magnesium, taurine and polluting metals
MAGNESIUM	Effect of immobilization on histological and histochemical changes in the myocardium of rats on a low-magnesium diet.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of immobilization on ultrastructural changes in the myocardium of rats on a low-magnesium diet.
MAGNESIUM	Renal function, serum calcium and magnesium during treatment of advanced bladder carcinoma with cis-dichlorodiamineplatinum: impact of tumour site, patient age and magnesium suppletion.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium stearate in preparation of eudragit RS-microcapsules containing drugs
MAGNESIUM	The coupling of electron transfer in nitrogenase to the hydrolysis of magnesium adenosine triphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma concentrations of magnesium in infants with acute diarrhea, dehydration and acidosis
MAGNESIUM	The study of magnesium supplement to stored blood for the preservation of 2,3-diphosphoglycerate in red cells.
MAGNESIUM	Maternal paralytic ileus as a complication of magnesium sulfate tocolysis.
MAGNESIUM	1,25 dihydroxyvitamin D3 increases plasma magnesium and calcium in sheep fed liquid diets low in calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of vitamin D on renal handling of calcium, magnesium and phosphate in the hamster.
MAGNESIUM	Low serum concentrations of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D in human magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate and ritodrine hydrochloride: systemic and uterine hemodynamic effects.
MAGNESIUM	Selected indicator enzymes in the blood serum of persons chronically exposed to fluorides before and after preventive administration of magnesium salts
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in 1985
MAGNESIUM	Nutrition classics. The Journal of Biological Chemistry. Studies on magnesium deficiency in animals. I. Symptomatology resulting from magnesium deprivation. (Received for publication, March 24, 1932).
MAGNESIUM	Repetitive strain injury (RSI) and magnesium and fluoride intake.
MAGNESIUM	Binding of magnesium ions and ethidium bromide: comparison of ribosomes and free ribosomal RNA.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and phosphorous: the electrolytes of energy metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium content of mixed saliva and their clinical significance: report of 473 cases
MAGNESIUM	Myocardial effects of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of potassium and magnesium infusion on plasma Mg concentration and Mg balance in ewes.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium starvation on the dissociation of ribosomal proteins from Escherichia coli K-12 ribosomes.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium ion on human ventricular defibrillation after aortocoronary bypass surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between postvaccinal anti-influenza antibodies, blood magnesium levels, and HLA antigens.
MAGNESIUM	Decreased calcium and magnesium urinary excretion during prostaglandin synthesis inhibition in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Adenosine triphosphate--magnesium chloride ameliorates reperfusion injury following ischemia as determined by phosphorus nuclear magnetic resonance.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium administration reverses the hypocalcaemia secondary to hypomagnesaemia despite low circulating levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D and 1,25-dihydroxy vitamin D.
MAGNESIUM	A clinical comparison of potassium and magnesium-potassium crystalloid cardioplegia: metabolic considerations.
MAGNESIUM	Content of red blood-cell sialic acid in BW 35 blood donors. Relation to magnesium concentration and pyruvate kinase activity.
MAGNESIUM	Diffusible sodium, potassium, magnesium, calcium and phosphorus in frog skeletal muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of adenosine triphosphate-magnesium chloride (ATP-MgCl2) on shocked red blood cells
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate in the inhibition of premature labor
MAGNESIUM	Is type A behavior modulated by genetic factors regulating magnesium and zinc metabolism? Working hypotheses and preliminary results
MAGNESIUM	Vitamin B6, magnesium, and combined B6-Mg: therapeutic effects in childhood autism.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in insulin-dependent diabetics and healthy subjects in relation to insulin secretion and glycemia during glucose-glucagon test.
MAGNESIUM	Profound hypomagnesemia and renal magnesium wasting associated with the use of cyclosporine for marrow transplantation.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium on transport processes by the turtle bladder.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and certain other elements and cardiovascular disease.
MAGNESIUM	Action of magnesium sulfate on platelet prostacyclin interaction and prostacyclin of blood vessels.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of methanol and magnesium chloride on the induction of respiration-deficient mutants in yeast by metal ions.
MAGNESIUM	Response to "A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of magnesium sulfate in the ethanol withdrawal syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of potassium, calcium and magnesium concentration on insulin and glucagon secretion of the perfused dog pancreas.
MAGNESIUM	Sudden-death ischemic heart disease and dietary magnesium intake: is the target site coronary vascular smooth muscle?
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-sensitive guanylate cyclase and its endogenous activating factor in Tetrahymena pyriformis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium. Mineral--trace element--therapeutic substance? A review
MAGNESIUM	Serum and erythrocyte magnesium levels in type I and type II diabetics.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium content of feed and the formation of urinary calculi in fattening calves
MAGNESIUM	Calcium antagonist properties of magnesium: implications for antimigraine actions.
MAGNESIUM	A request for the use of phostoxin with an aluminum phosphide or magnesium phosphide base for the de-infestation of insects in stored produce
MAGNESIUM	Considerations on magnesium, a restorative of the body
MAGNESIUM	On the insulin effect on the magnesium homeostasis.
MAGNESIUM	New perspectives on the role of magnesium in the pathophysiology of the cardiovascular system. I. Clinical aspects.
MAGNESIUM	New perspectives on the role of magnesium in the pathophysiology of the cardiovascular system. II. Experimental aspects.
MAGNESIUM	Therapeutic effect of a magnesium salt in patients suffering from mitral valvular prolapse and latent tetany.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and zinc in diabetic pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium and zinc levels in plasma and erythrocytes of spontaneously hypertensive rats
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium enhances human pancreatic elastase digestion of 125I-labeled elastin.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium balance and distribution during total parenteral nutrition: effect of calcium additives.
MAGNESIUM	Lack of effect of oral magnesium on high blood pressure: a double blind study.
MAGNESIUM	Bone magnesium in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with hypercapnia.
MAGNESIUM	Dolomite as a possible magnesium-containing phase in human tooth enamel.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium permeability of sarcoplasmic reticulum. Mg2+ is not countertransported during ATP-dependent Ca2+ uptake by sarcoplasmic reticulum.
MAGNESIUM	Differential effects of magnesium on tubulin-nucleotide interactions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirements in patients with chronic inflammatory disease receiving intravenous nutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on the action of vasodilatory agents.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption from the temporarily isolated rumen of sheep. The effect of water absorption and osmotic pressure.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption from the rumen of heifers.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in chronic lead poisoning: influence of chelating treatment
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium ions in the septum and nucleus accumbens of the rabbit are antagonistic to acupuncture analgesia and morphine analgesia
MAGNESIUM	More on the relation between magnesium and calcium in serum and plasma.
MAGNESIUM	Creatine kinase: reassessment of optimal concentrations for adenosine-5'-diphosphate and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Clustering of serum calcium and magnesium concentrations in siblings.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of injected caffeine on the metabolism of calcium and the retention and excretion of sodium, potassium, phosphorus, magnesium, zinc and copper in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Long-term use of magnesium sulfate as a tocolytic agent.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency inhibits biosynthesis of blood glutathione and tumor growth in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Idiopathic magnesium deficiency in mitral valve prolapse.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary alteration of bicarbonate and magnesium on rat bone.
MAGNESIUM	Blood magnesium values in healthy cattle and in cattle affected with anaplasmosis and eperythrozoonosis.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of serum magnesium--effect of delay in separation from erythrocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of acid-base disturbances on renal handling of magnesium in the dog.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and iron addition to casein hydrolysate medium for production of staphylococcal enterotoxins A, B, and C.
MAGNESIUM	Diuretic therapy, cardiac arrhythmias and potassium and magnesium loss.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of zinc, copper and magnesium in the umbilical cord blood of hypotrophic newborn infants
MAGNESIUM	The familial magnesium-losing kidney.
MAGNESIUM	Low blood mononuclear cell magnesium in intensive cardiac care unit patients.
MAGNESIUM	Acute effect of salmon calcitonin on renal magnesium transport in the magnesium-loaded rat.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, surfactants, and centrifugal analyzers.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of chronic alcohol ingestion on fecal and urinary excretion of calcium and magnesium in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in IDDM related to level of glycosylated hemoglobin.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium content of laryngeal precancerous conditions and laryngeal cancers
MAGNESIUM	Blood plasma level of iron, copper, zinc, magnesium and calcium in chronic experimental manganese poisoning
MAGNESIUM	Decline in serum calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus values with oral glucose in normal neonates: studies of serum parathyroid hormone and calcitonin.
MAGNESIUM	A sample preparation for quantitative determination of magnesium in individual lymphocytes by electron probe X-ray microanalysis.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship of endogenous magnesium and calcium levels to oxytocin augmentation.
MAGNESIUM	Vitamin B6 and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Tissue magnesium in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-responsive incomplete distal renal tubular acidosis in patients with liver cirrhosis.
MAGNESIUM	Decreased bone magnesium in beta thalassemia with spinal osteoporosis.
MAGNESIUM	Clarification of magnesium dosage.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency. A clinical review
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency. An underdiagnosed condition?
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and cardiovascular diseases
MAGNESIUM	Potassium magnesium aspartate (K-Mg-aspartate) in the treatment of digitalis glycoside poisoning
MAGNESIUM	The effect of a single dose of magnesium on systolic time intervals
MAGNESIUM	Dermatosis in magnesium-deficient hairless rats: effects of steroidal and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
MAGNESIUM	Profound hypotension complicating magnesium therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Association constants for the interaction of double-stranded and single-stranded DNA with spermine, spermidine, putrescine, diaminopropane, N1- and N8-acetylspermidine, and magnesium: determination from analysis of the broadening of thermal denaturation curves.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium depletion and thiazide hypokalemia.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and acute myocardial infarction. Transient hypomagnesemia not induced by renal magnesium loss in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on calcium oxalate crystallization.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in a medical ICU population.
MAGNESIUM	Kinetic studies of calcium and magnesium binding to troponin C.
MAGNESIUM	The requirements for ionized calcium and magnesium in lymphocyte proliferation.
MAGNESIUM	Torsade de pointes and magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport in murine S49 lymphoma cells: pharmacology and divalent cation selectivity.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of the caffeine center of the sarcoplasmic reticulum at a reduced concentration of magnesium ions
MAGNESIUM	Relationships between magnesium and protein concentrations in serum.
MAGNESIUM	The use of magnesium sulphate infusions in the management of very severe tetanus.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and myocardial infarct size in the dog.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate and digitalis-toxic arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	Major metals in human cancer: calcium, magnesium, sodium and potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Cardiopulmonary arrest after the administration of magnesium sulphate. A case report.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium loading on magnesium delivery to the juxtamedullary end-descending limb.
MAGNESIUM	The use of magnesium sulfate in the anesthetic management of pheochromocytoma.
MAGNESIUM	Efficacy of activated charcoal and magnesium citrate in the treatment of oral paraquat intoxication.
MAGNESIUM	Postmortem magnesium concentration in bovine vitreous humor: comparison with antemortem serum magnesium concentration.
MAGNESIUM	Abnormal calcium and magnesium stores in erythrocytes and granulocytes from patients with inflammatory connective tissue diseases. Relationship to inflammatory activity and effect of corticosteroid therapy.
MAGNESIUM	A novel magnesium-dependent structural transition of chicken erythrocyte chromatin in situ.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium content of mononuclear blood cells.
MAGNESIUM	Stabilization of the calmagite reagent for automated measurement of magnesium in serum and urine.
MAGNESIUM	Calmodulin: calcium, potassium, and magnesium ion multiple equilibria and kinetics for interconversion, including the effect of repeated stimulation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium concentrations in the ventricular and lumbar cerebrospinal fluid of hypomagnesaemic cows.
MAGNESIUM	Hypomagnesemia in dairy cows and the quick urine test for control of the cow's magnesium supply
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium acetates on tissue distribution of carcinogenic doses of cadmium chloride in Wistar rats.
MAGNESIUM	Levels and intracellular distribution of calcium and magnesium in the myometrium
MAGNESIUM	Combined use of ritodrine and magnesium sulfate for tocolysis of preterm labor.
MAGNESIUM	Structural basis for stabilization of Z-DNA by cobalt hexaammine and magnesium cations.
MAGNESIUM	Familial hypocalciuric hypercalcaemia I: Renal handling of calcium, magnesium and phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of continuous infusion of citrate on responses of immunoreactive parathyroid hormone, calcium and magnesium components, and other electrolytes in normal adults during plateletapheresis.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and cerebrospinal fluid concentrations of magnesium in epileptic children.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism studies in children with chronic inflammatory disease of the bowel.
MAGNESIUM	Rate of membrane sodium transport and calcium and magnesium concentrations in the granulocytes of patients with primary arterial hypertension
MAGNESIUM	pH-dependent effect of magnesium sulfate on the stability of penicillin G potassium solution.
MAGNESIUM	Direct spectrophotometry of magnesium in serum after reaction with hexokinase and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase.
MAGNESIUM	Disorder of magnesium metabolism in hyper- and hypothyroid patients
MAGNESIUM	Alterations in calcium, magnesium, iron, and zinc metabolism by dietary cholestyramine.
MAGNESIUM	Tissue-specific modulation of the mitochondrial calcium uniporter by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, potassium, sodium and calcium in post-mortem vitreous humour from humans.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of potassium + magnesium aspartate on muscle metabolism and force development during short intensive static exercise.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary potassium and sodium on magnesium utilization in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Assay of calcium borogluconate veterinary medicines for calcium gluconate, boric acid, phosphorus, and magnesium by using inductively coupled plasma emission spectrometry.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in human subjects--a personal historical perspective.
MAGNESIUM	Mineral analyses of vegetarian, health, and conventional foods: magnesium, zinc, copper, and manganese content.
MAGNESIUM	Modulation by calcitonin of magnesium and calcium urinary excretion in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Symptomatic hypercalcaemia precipitated by magnesium therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium renal wasting in calcium stone formers with idiopathic hypercalciuria contrasting with lower magnesium:calcium urinary ratio.
MAGNESIUM	pH and magnesium alter 45calcium binding to platelets at sites other than glycoproteins I or IIb/IIIa.
MAGNESIUM	Chronobiologic observations of calcium and magnesium in the elderly.
MAGNESIUM	Modified method for the rapid determination of the magnesium requirement of cows and sheep
MAGNESIUM	Effect of electrophoresis of atropine, ganglerone, papaverine and magnesium sulfate on liver hemodynamics studied by rheography
MAGNESIUM	Characterization of magnesium-induced urinary disease in the cat and comparison with feline urologic syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Release of exchangeably bound guanine nucleotides from tubulin in a magnesium-free buffer.
MAGNESIUM	Elevated circulating immunoreactive calcitonin in the magnesium-deficient normocalcemic rat.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of sodium and magnesium-ion interactions on chromatin structure and solubility.
MAGNESIUM	A study of serum and cerebrospinal fluid magnesium in convulsive disorders.
MAGNESIUM	Stability of metronidazole and ten antibiotics when mixed with magnesium sulphate solutions.
MAGNESIUM	Dietary magnesium oxide interactions with sodium bicarbonate on cows in early lactation.
MAGNESIUM	Control of production of toxic-shock-syndrome toxin-1 (TSST-1) by magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium and phosphate changes in the serum of newborn infants after exchange transfusion
MAGNESIUM	Renal magnesium and phosphate wastage in a patient with hypercalciuria and nephrocalcinosis: effect of oral phosphorus and magnesium supplements.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium sulfate on electroencephalographic findings in preeclampsia/eclampsia.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and congestive heart failure.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium, and phosphorus content of shells from hatching and nonhatching turkey eggs.
MAGNESIUM	Sugar-induced caries affected by added fluoride and magnesium using a caries model
MAGNESIUM	Iron, zinc, copper, manganese and magnesium in malignant lymphomas.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium for prevention of pain in vasospastic angina in a patient with recurrent myocardial infarction; pathogenesis of vasospasm
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy of torsade de pointes ventricular tachycardia
MAGNESIUM	Measurements of magnesium in mononuclear cells.
MAGNESIUM	Enhanced recovery from severe ischemic renal injury with adenosine triphosphate-magnesium chloride: administration after the insult.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of a three-hour calcium clamp on calcium, phosphate, magnesium and zinc concentrations of human parotid saliva.
MAGNESIUM	The use of magnesium ions for sensitive visualization of catecholamines and serotonin in the CNS.
MAGNESIUM	Concentration of magnesium and calcium electrolytes in the last trimester of normal pregnancy and in fetal hypotrophy
MAGNESIUM	Failure of magnesium sulphate to prevent suxamethonium induced muscle pains.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in magnesium levels in erythrocytes, serum and urine in healthy persons after physical exertion
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium salts on nickel subsulfide carcinogenicity in Fischer rats.
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of chronic cocaine abuse and attention deficit disorder, residual type, with magnesium pemoline.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on chloride-induced calcium release in skinned muscle fibers.
MAGNESIUM	Requirement for magnesium influx in activation of alveolar macrophages mediated by ionophore A23187.
MAGNESIUM	Enhanced incidence of isoproterenol-induced ventricular fibrillation in the magnesium-deficient rat.
MAGNESIUM	Observations on serum and red blood cell magnesium changes in treadmill exercise-induced cardiac ischemia.
MAGNESIUM	Blood and urinary magnesium, zinc, calcium, free fatty acids, and catecholamines in type A and type B subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Physiologic changes during a marathon, with special reference to magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium dietary intakes of the U.S. population.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium excretion in idiopathic hypercalciuria.
MAGNESIUM	Laboratory evaluation of the nutritive value of average daily diets of selected population groups in Poland. III. Levels of calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, iron and potassium
MAGNESIUM	The effect of citrate, calcium, and magnesium ions on the potassium movement across the human platelet membrane.
MAGNESIUM	Renal function in sea snakes. II. Sodium, potassium, and magnesium excretion.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium toxicity as a cause of hypotension and hypoventilation. Occurrence in patients with normal renal function.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium depletion as a cause of refractory potassium repletion.
MAGNESIUM	Reactivities of thiols in myosin rod: effect of magnesium and ionic strength.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on passive fluxes of lithium in the human erythrocyte.
MAGNESIUM	Use of sintered magnesium borate thermoluminescent dosimeters for low dose measurements.
MAGNESIUM	Abstracts presented at the American College of Nutrition 26th annual meeting and the Fourth International Symposium on Magnesium. Blacksburg, Virginia, July 21-28, 1985.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on production of toxic-shock-syndrome toxin-1 by Staphylococcus aureus.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium oxide on trichlormethiazide bioavailability.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, zinc, citrate and chloride content of human prostatic and seminal fluid.
MAGNESIUM	Concentrations of total and ionic calcium, inorganic phosphorus, magnesium, and protein in maternal and fetal blood and in amniotic fluid in parathyroidectomized pregnant rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and liver cirrhosis: a hypothesis.
MAGNESIUM	Early radiation-induced proctosigmoiditis responds to magnesium therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Comparative effects of magnesium deficiency and overload on calcium and phosphorus metabolism in the growing pig
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium level in drinking water and cardiovascular risk factor: a hypothesis.
MAGNESIUM	Observations on the article by Arsura et al.: Magnesium and zinc levels in ischemic heart disease, published in Magnesium 2: 105-112, 1983.
MAGNESIUM	Transport of calcium, magnesium and strontium by human serum proteins.
MAGNESIUM	Painful muscle spasm reversed by magnesium sulphate. A case report.
MAGNESIUM	Inadvertant intrathecal administration of magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Modification of the risk of urolithiasis by changes in magnesium and calcium concentrations in the urine as affected by stress conditions
MAGNESIUM	Effect of parenteral magnesium sulfate on penicillin-induced seizure foci in anesthetized cats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in the horse
MAGNESIUM	The effects of variations in extracellular magnesium concentration on electrical and mechanical activity in rat portal vein.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of deficient and adequate dietary magnesium concentrations on body magnesium concentrations in wethers.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency psychosis induced by cancer chemotherapy.
MAGNESIUM	cis-Diamminedichloroplatinum-induced hypomagnesemia and renal magnesium wasting.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of age, milking and season on magnesium, calcium and inorganic phosphorus metabolisms in cows.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of oral iron supplementation on zinc and magnesium levels during pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Protection by magnesium of renal calcinosis in furosemide-treated weanling rats with moderate magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of parathyroid hormone on total protein, calcium magnesium, phosphorus, sodium and potassium concentrations of normal human parotid saliva.
MAGNESIUM	Colorimetric measurement of serum magnesium with an IL micro centrifugal analyzer.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on active and passive sodium transport in the human ileum.
MAGNESIUM	Copper, zinc and magnesium levels in placental tissue in early pregnancy and in at-term and prolonged pregnancies
MAGNESIUM	Complexation of the fungal metabolite tenuazonic acid with copper (II), iron (III), nickel (II), and magnesium (II) ions.
MAGNESIUM	The role of the sodium, potassium, magnesium and calcium ions in the transfer of bioenergy, and the possibility of their substitution by other cations.
MAGNESIUM	Lymphocyte and erythrocyte concentrations of potassium, magnesium and calcium in normal controls.
MAGNESIUM	Erythrocytic magnesium in freshwater fishes.
MAGNESIUM	The hyperventilation syndrome: a neurosis or a manifestation of magnesium imbalance?
MAGNESIUM	Parenteral magnesium tolerance testing in the evaluation of magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Lymphocyte and bone magnesium in alcohol-associated osteoporosis.
MAGNESIUM	Quantifying the role of magnesium in the interrelationship between human mortality/morbidity and water hardness.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium loss in aging diabetic mellitus rats.
MAGNESIUM	Preservation of resting potential by magnesium in hypoxic canine cardiac cells.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium mavens. Much ado about something.
MAGNESIUM	Tetracycline inactivation by magnesium sulfate in testing for microbial contamination by the membrane filtration method
MAGNESIUM	Serum copper, zinc and magnesium levels during normal pregnancy and labor in at-term and prolonged pregnancy
MAGNESIUM	Peroral magnesium hydroxide therapy and intermittent claudication--a preliminary report.
MAGNESIUM	Absorption of calcium, magnesium and phosphate during chronic renal failure and the effect of vitamin D in rabbits.
MAGNESIUM	Possible linkage relationship between genetic markers and blood magnesium and zinc. A twin study.
MAGNESIUM	Aggravation of thiamine deficiency by magnesium depletion. A case report.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium therapy in multifocal atrial tachycardia.
MAGNESIUM	Chemical analysis of the integument and digestive gland of Crangon crangon (Linné) (Crustacea, Decapoda) by x ray spectography. Quantitative variations in the elements of calcium, phosphorus, sulfur, and magnesium during the intermolt cycle
MAGNESIUM	Effects of pregnancy and magnesium sulfate infusion on blood pressure and plasma catecholamines.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium concentration changes in blood and in "target" tissue during carcinogenesis.
MAGNESIUM	Preferential DNA-protein cross-linking by NiCl2 in magnesium-insoluble regions of fractionated Chinese hamster ovary cell chromatin.
MAGNESIUM	Enhanced distal absorption of potassium by magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	In vivo and in vitro evaluation of magnesium-aluminum hydroxide antacid tablets and liquid.
MAGNESIUM	A study of serum and cerebrospinal fluid magnesium in convulsive disorders.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium and irradiation.
MAGNESIUM	Impaired potassium and magnesium homeostasis in acute tubulo-interstitial nephritis.
MAGNESIUM	Pharmacology of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Adverse effects of aluminium-magnesium antacids
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium excretion in recurrent calcium urolithiasis
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietotherapy on the magnesium content of the blood serum of ischemic heart disease patients
MAGNESIUM	Relationship of diuretic therapy and serum magnesium levels among participants in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium homeostasis following chemotherapy with cisplatin: a prospective study.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of total calcium, zinc, manganese, iron, magnesium and phosphorus in animal feeds and plant material using inductively coupled plasma emission spectrometry.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of ethyleneglycoltetraacetic acid and its magnesium salt as reagents for studying alternative complement pathway function.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary supplementation with ethoxyquin, magnesium oxide, methionine hydroxy analog, and B vitamins on tansy ragwort (Senecio jacobaea) toxicosis in beef cattle.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of copper, zinc and magnesium in serum and urine by DC plasma emission spectrometry.
MAGNESIUM	Organic magnesium salts in the treatment of premenstrual tension
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium(II) and magnesium(II) on nickel(II) uptake and stimulation of thymidine incorporation into DNA in the lungs of strain A mice.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency syndrome in a patient with surgical hypothyroidism with normal blood magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Renal excretion of magnesium in a freshwater teleost, Salmo gairdneri.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium deficiency on liver collagen after carbon tetrachloride or ethanol administration to rats.
MAGNESIUM	Studies of experimental calcium oxalate stones. 1. The calcium and magnesium of renal deposition of calcium oxalate induced by ethylene glycol administration
MAGNESIUM	Terminal magnesium cardioplegia: protective effect in the isolated rat heart model using calcium accentuated ischemic damage.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of cocoa on excretion of oxalate, citrate, magnesium and calcium in the urine of children
MAGNESIUM	Determination of potassium, sodium, calcium and magnesium in dialysis solution for artificial kidneys by capillary isotachophoresis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate in magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium determination in maternal and umbilical cord serum following tocolysis with magnesium supplement
MAGNESIUM	Recent developments in the etiology and treatment of hypertension: dietary calcium, fat, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	A comparison of ritodrine, terbutaline, and magnesium sulfate for the suppression of preterm labor.
MAGNESIUM	Switch hair as an indicator of magnesium and copper status of beef cows.
MAGNESIUM	Low serum magnesium concentration in Paget's disease of bone (osteitis deformans).
MAGNESIUM	Effects of exogenous catecholamines and exercise on plasma magnesium concentrations.
MAGNESIUM	Age-related characteristics of calcium and magnesium levels in the myocardium of growing rats after pharmacologic sympathectomy
MAGNESIUM	Comparative study of the effects of two tocolytic agents (magnesium sulfate and alcohol) on the ionic transfer through the isolated human amnion.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of vitamin C and magnesium on calcium, magnesium and copper contents of guinea pig tissues.
MAGNESIUM	Absorption of magnesium and other macrominerals in sheep infused with potassium in different parts of the digestive tract.
MAGNESIUM	Trace minerals and magnesium in athrosclerosis and hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium variability of lymphocytes from cell culture.
MAGNESIUM	Skeletal muscle magnesium and potassium determinations: correlation with lymphocyte contents of magnesium and potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Action of hydrochloric acid on aluminum hydroxide-magnesium hydroxide gels and magaldrate: 27Al NMR and pH-stat studies.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on urinary calcium ion activity in urolithiasis, 2. The relationship to calcium oxalate crystal formation and the effects of magnesium and citrate
MAGNESIUM	The myth of long-term thiazide-induced magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between magnesium, potassium and sodium concentrations in lymphocytes and erythrocytes from normal subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Abstracts. International Symposium on Magnesium and its Relationship to Cardiovascular, Renal, and Metabolic Disorders. Los Angeles, Calif., USA, February 12-15, 1985.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium ions on different stages of genetic transformation in Bacillus subtilis
MAGNESIUM	Determination of zinc, magnesium and copper in the amniotic fluid of pregnant patients with suspected intrauterine retardation
MAGNESIUM	Plasma magnesium during epidural anaesthesia. A study in patients undergoing transurethral prostatectomy.
MAGNESIUM	Structures of enzyme-bound metal-nucleotide complexes in the phosphoryl transfer reaction of muscle pyruvate kinase. 31P NMR studies with magnesium and kinetic studies with chromium nucleotides.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic alkalosis with hypertonic dehydration in a patient with diarrhoea and magnesium oxide ingestion.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of ATP, ADP and magnesium ions on the activity of phosphorylase kinase from rabbit skeletal muscles
MAGNESIUM	The mononuclear cell magnesium content in patients with chronic glomerulonephritis and on regular hemodialysis treatment
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of copper, magnesium and zinc after gastric resection.
MAGNESIUM	Bone disease in patients undergoing chronic hemodialysis treatment and the role in its development of magnesium in drinking water used in the preparation of dialysis solution
MAGNESIUM	Maternal plasma proteins, magnesium, zinc and copper concentration at term associated with birth size in Kuwait.
MAGNESIUM	The association of a magnesium-dependent endonuclease activity with a nucleosome fraction from rat-liver nuclei.
MAGNESIUM	Induction of mitochondrial contraction and concomitant inhibition of succinate oxidation by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Pharmacokinetics of magnesium sulfate in the sheep model.
MAGNESIUM	The evaluation of antacid value of magnesium-aluminium trisilicate dihydrate tablets.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in serum and urinary magnesium in head injury patients
MAGNESIUM	Effects of low magnesium and magnesium-free solutions on action potentials of isolated right ventricular muscle cell in the guinea pig
MAGNESIUM	Renal responsiveness to magnesium and parathormone in primary familial hypomagnesaemia.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic investigations in legal medicine: calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Prevention of thrombosis with topical magnesium sulphate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions and thyrotropic hormone
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on parathyroid hormone secretion during chronic haemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Relations between magnesium, erythrocyte zinc and HL-A groups
MAGNESIUM	Histochemical studies on the dentin of magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium depletion in children.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on parathyroid hormone secretion during chronic haemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Serum copper and magnesium levels in leukaemia and malignant lymphoma.
MAGNESIUM	Changes induced by magnesium ions in the morphology of some plant viruses with filamentous particles.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of microamounts of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in water samples and biomedia by atomic absorption spectrophotometry
MAGNESIUM	Detemination of magnesium in erythrocytes
MAGNESIUM	Chemical and physical characteristics of the deoxycholate-soluble and magnesium-reaggregated membrane nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (reduced form) oxidase of Bacillus megaterium.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of calcium, magnesium, sodium, and potassium in hard and soft water areas.
MAGNESIUM	Histological changes in rat liver during chronic magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship of calcium and magnesium to platelet histamine release.
MAGNESIUM	Sex difference in mean serum-magnesium levels in depression.
MAGNESIUM	Isolation of nucleoli from rat liver in the presence of magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Total-body magnesium excess in chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Sex difference in mean serum-magnesium levels in depression.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in the human body with particular reference to early allergic reactions
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deprivation in sudden unexpected infant death.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and erythrocyte magnesium levels in affective disorders.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deprivation in sudden infant death.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and sudden unexpected death.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and sudden unexpected infant death.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency: a cause of reversible renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Media with magnesium chloride for the detection of salmonellae (experimental study)
MAGNESIUM	The storage of calcium and magnesium phosphates and of calcite in the digestive glands of the pulmonata (gastropoda).
MAGNESIUM	Effect of coadministration of aluminum and magnesium hydroxides on absorption of anticoagulants in man.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-induced reversal of vitamin-D resistance in hypoparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Resistant hypoparathyroidism and magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, vitamin D, and parathyroid hormone.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and sudden unexpected infant death.
MAGNESIUM	Heart-muscle magnesium, potassium, and zinc concentrations after sudden death from heart-disease.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deprivation in sudden unexpected infant death.
MAGNESIUM	Heart-muscle magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium citrate on the urinary and biliary elimination of magnesium in the rat
MAGNESIUM	Initial stages of the thermal unfolding of yeast phenylalanine transfer RNA as studied by chemical modification: the effect of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Erythrocyte and plasma magnesium of the American Indian population of the Interandean Corridor
MAGNESIUM	Cryoprecipitate studies. 2. Distribution of electrolytes (sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, chloride) and other elements (copper, iron) in cryoprecipitation
MAGNESIUM	Plasma calcium and magnesium fractions in chronic-renal-failure patients on maintenance haemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	The concentration of noradrenaline and cyclic AMP in the brown fat tissue of the rat during magnesium deficiency (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Ischaemic heart-disease and soil magnesium in Finland.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Water hardness and magnesium in heart muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Colorimetric methods for determination of calcium, magnesium and chlorine ions
MAGNESIUM	Editorial: Neonatal calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus homoeostasis.
MAGNESIUM	Regression of malignant tumours in magnesium and potassium depletion induced by diet and haemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Magnesium in malignant disease.
MAGNESIUM	Levels of osteotrophic mineral elements (total calcium, inorganic phosphorus and magnesium) in the blood plasma of calves up to the age of 4 months
MAGNESIUM	Electrolyte therapy after abdominal surgery. A balance study of sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium and phosphate in total parenteral nutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium status on thyroid activity and iodide metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-dependent vitamin-D-resistant rickets.
MAGNESIUM	Trace elements in human brain. II. Copper, zinc, calcium and magnesium of 13 brain areas compared to iron during the 4th to 8th life decade (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium supplementation in protein-calorie malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Magnesium deficiency and hypocalcaemia.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Lithium and magnesium-dependent enzymes.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Lithium and magnesium-dependent enzymes.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium or calcium activated ATPase in mammalian nerve.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Carcinogenic potential of magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Lipid metabolism during a dietary magnesium deficiency. Studies on artherosclerosis induced by magnesium deficiency (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Behavior of tumours in conditions of experimental magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The antithyrotropic effect of magnesium ions
MAGNESIUM	Hypomagnesemia induced with high protein diets. Effect of supplementation of the food ration with magnesium and polyunsaturated lipids
MAGNESIUM	The interaction of Escherichia coli and magnesium trisilicate in aqueous suspension.
MAGNESIUM	Some physical characteristics of magnesium stearate.
MAGNESIUM	Reduction of pyridine nucleotides induced by adenosine diphosphate in kidney mitochondria. The influence of sodium, magnesium, and inhibitors of oxidative phosphorylation.
MAGNESIUM	Complex formation between magnesium ions and pyridine nucleotide coenzymes.
MAGNESIUM	The interaction of Escherichia coli and magnesium trisilicate in aqueous suspension.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on epileptic foci.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of caffeine, calcium and magnesium on plant cytokinesis.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium ions on the dimethylaniline oxidation rate and electron transfer in liver microsomal fraction.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: The effect of mixing time on the bulk properties of magnesium stearate-sand mixtures.
MAGNESIUM	Adsorption of atropine and hyoscine on magnesium trisilicate.
MAGNESIUM	Seasonal changes in calcium, magnesium, copper and zinc content in the liver of the common frog, Rana temporaria L.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium phosphates on the production of dyes by Pseudomonas aeruginosa (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Aortic calcification, serum calcium, magnesium, sodium and cholesterol in Gopherus polyphemus.
MAGNESIUM	Study of the activity of glutamine synthetase from the food yeast Candida tropicalis in the presence of magnesium, manganese and other cations
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on sodium transport in toad urinary bladder.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium on facilitation of a unitary synaptic potential in neuron R15 of Aplysia.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium starvation of Aerobacter aerogenes. IV. Cytochemical changes.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma levels of ionised calcium and magnesium in thyroid disease.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-deficiency thrombosis.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium in human prostate gland: normal, hyperplastic, and neoplastic.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of calcium and magnesium in patients with calcium-containing renal stones.
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of spasmophilia in the adult by magnesium lactate.
MAGNESIUM	Spasmophilia: a clinical neuro-muscular form of primary magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	A case of the epileptic form of latent tetany due to magnesium deficit.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium and renal stones.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels and thyroid disease.
MAGNESIUM	Examination of magnesium binding to serum proteins by ultracentrifugal analysis.
MAGNESIUM	Ionized calcium and magnesium: the effect of septic shock in the baboon.
MAGNESIUM	Micromethod for the determination of magnesium in biologic fluids
MAGNESIUM	An association between serum-magnesium and tremor and convulsions in infants and children.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism and thyroid function.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-calcium ratio in urine of patients with renal stones.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium and renal stones.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium and renal stones.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium and renal stones.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium and renal stones.
MAGNESIUM	Fluorometric determination of micro quantities of magnesium in blood serum and in urine
MAGNESIUM	Effect of phosphate and magnesium on the regulation of glycolysis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-deficiency syndrome in burns.
MAGNESIUM	The allergic response of rabbit platelets. II. Dependence on magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions between pigments and nucleic acids. 5. Stoichiometry of complex 1 formed between luteoskyrine, magnesium ions and nucleic acids
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium and renal stones.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in thyroid dysfunction.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in plasma or serum concentrations of magnesium, iron and thyroxine, in leukocyte triglyceride content, and in peritoneal fluid protein concentration in rabbits injected with adrenocorticotropin or beta-melanocyte-stimulating hormone.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in patients with coronary heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of antibiotics on magnesium ion removal from E. coli ribosome suspensions.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of calcium and magnesium in primary hyperparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium ions on the fine structure of the insect neuromuscular junction.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary calcium and magnesium in hyperparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary calcium and magnesium in hyperparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Pseudolipotropic effect of cold exposure and dietary magnesium on choline-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of magnesium in natural waters by conductometric titration
MAGNESIUM	Complexonometric determination of calcium and magnesium in the duodenal contents
MAGNESIUM	The effect of calcium and magnesium on dendritic potentials.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the haemodialysis patient.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the haemodialysis patient.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium on the response of smooth muscle to 5-hydroxytryptamine.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of magnesium and calcium in urine, feces and foodstuffs using the atomic-absorbtion apparatuses Spektr-1 and SFPA
MAGNESIUM	Renal calcium and magnesium excretion during vasopressin administration into sheep with acid or alkaline urine.
MAGNESIUM	Improved methods for calcium and magnesium in epidermis.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium ions on porosity of the Bacillus megaterium cell wall and membrane.
MAGNESIUM	Activity of aminoglycoside antibiotics aganst Pseudomonas aeruginosa: specificity and site of calcium and magnesium antagonism.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of the magnesium content in tRNA preparations of liver on their acceptor capability
MAGNESIUM	The effects of washing, EDTA, magnesium and calcium on oxidative phosphorylation and respiratory rates of mitochondria from heat- and cold-acclimated rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary protein and magnesium on selected ATP phosphotransferases and neuromuscular behavior in young rats.
MAGNESIUM	The retention of calcium, iron, phosphorus, and magnesium during pregnancy: the adequacy of prenatal diets with and without supplementation.
MAGNESIUM	Control of magnesium-protoporphyrin chelatase activity in Rhodopseudomonas spheroides. Role of light, oxygen, and electron and energy transfer.
MAGNESIUM	Energy-dependent release of magnesium from beef heart submitochondrial particles.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of lipopolysaccharides with mitochondria. II. Effects of magnesium ions on toxicity of a rough lipopolysaccharide.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of a sodium phosphonate on calcium renal level in magnesium-deficient rats
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport in Bacillus subtilis W23 during growth and sporulation.
MAGNESIUM	Fluorescence studies on the interaction between heavy meromyosin and magnesium ions. Effect of EDTA.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Range of normal serum magnesium values.
MAGNESIUM	Biliary magnesium loss in the postoperative patient.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and cerebrospinal fluid magnesium and calcium contents in idiopathic grandmal epilepsy.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of x-rays on electrolyte shifts and myocardial metabolism. 3. Radiation-induced changes of magnesium concentration in isolated guinea pig atrium
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium on the chlorophyll fluorescence yield of isolated chloroplasts.
MAGNESIUM	Recent developments in magnesium research in pediatrics.
MAGNESIUM	Anesthesia using a mixture of chloral hydrate, magnesium sulfate and pentobarbital in horses
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on the genetic transformation process and the development of competence in Bacillus subtilis
MAGNESIUM	Effect of penicillamine and penicillin on Escherichia coli calcium and magnesium levels
MAGNESIUM	Physiopathology of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium, sodium, potassium and magnesium in human blood sera by atomic absorption
MAGNESIUM	Calorimetric measurement of the enthalpy of magnesium binding to yeast enolase.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of calcium and magnesium ions on the sino-atrial node pacemaker activity of the canine heart.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in the physiology and pathology of myocardial cells
MAGNESIUM	Variation of the oxide layer of a Domal magnesium anode used in an implantable bioelectric battery
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of aminopyridine-induced contractile activity in skeletal muscle by tetrodotoxin and by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Complexometric determination of magnesium in the urine
MAGNESIUM	Cellular magnesium levels and the use of penicillamine in the treatment of Huntington's chorea.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium on nucleoside phosphatase activity in frog skin.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of diphenylhydantoin on sodium-, potassium-, magnesium-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase activity of rat brain.
MAGNESIUM	Some properties of brain microsome adenosine triphosphatases activated by magnesium and calcium.
MAGNESIUM	Adenosine triphosphatase activated by magnesium and superprecipitation of myosin B.
MAGNESIUM	A protein factor inhibiting the magnesium-activated adenosine triphosphatase of desensitized actomyosin.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and calcium ions on the adenosinetriphosphatase activity of insect actomyosin at low ionic strength.
MAGNESIUM	Mucopolysaccharides of lung tissue in experimental allergic conditions. IV. Attempt of separation of acid mucopolysaccharides using graded concentrations of magnesium salts
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and erythrocyte magnesium in Huntington's chorea.
MAGNESIUM	An effect of penetrating ions on magnesium efflux from rat small intestine, in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of vitamin D on the intracellular hepatic distribution of calcium and magnesium in the rat
MAGNESIUM	Formation of dentin and bone matrix in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Reversible attachment of adenosine triphosphatase to streptococcal membranes and the effect of magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of diphenylhydantoin on sodium, potassium, magnesium-activated adenosine triphosphatase in microsomal fractions of rat and guinea pig brain and on whole homogenates of human brain.
MAGNESIUM	Action of 3,5,3'-triiodothyroacetic acid on mitochondrial endogenous magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the regulatory role of "calcium-sensitizing factor" in muscle.
MAGNESIUM	On metabolism of magnesium-deficiently grown cells of Escherichia coli
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-adenosine triphosphatase activated by a low concentration of calcium in brain microsomes.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition by quercetin of magnesium-, sodium- and potassium-activated adenosine triphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium activation of natural actomyosin ATPase from horseshoe crab.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium, phosphate and ATP in the regulation of calcium uptake by rat-liver mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in the relaxation of myofibrils.
MAGNESIUM	Allosteric properties of muscle phosphofructokinase. I. Binding of magnesium adenosine triphosphate to the inhibitory site.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium lactate in the treatment of pharyngo-laryngeal paresthesia
MAGNESIUM	Further studies on the ultrastructural localization of a magnesium dependent neutral ATPase in arteries.
MAGNESIUM	The biochemistry of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of an adenosine triphosphatase from mature rat uterus in response to calcium, magnesium, adenosinetriphosphate, oxytocin, and isoproterenol.
MAGNESIUM	Modification of the cardiotoxic effects of ouabain by acepromazine, tetrodotoxin and magnesium sulphate.
MAGNESIUM	Relation between the inhibitory action of native tropomyosin and the dual effect of magnesium on the ATPase activity of actomyosin.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, potassium, and the adenylate kinase equilibrium. Magnesium as a feedback signal from the adenine nucleotide pool.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of strontium and magnesium ions with the transport of calcium and phosphate in kidney cortex slices.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, iron and phosphorus content of whole blood in patients with essential hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	Study of dietary deprivation of certain essential amino acids on plasma and erythrocyte electrolytes in rats. I. Water, sodium, potassium and magnesium content of erythrocytes
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on enzymatic synthesis of coenzyme A
MAGNESIUM	Separation at neural pH of a 32P-labelled membrane protein associated with the sodium-plus-magnesium ion-activated adenosine triphosphatase from ox brain.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium instead of potassium or calcium
MAGNESIUM	A second type of the inhibitory effect of magnesium on superprecipitation and on ATPase of myosin B, and its reversal by p-chloromercuribenzoate and by adenosine diphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Pulmonary alveolar macrophage. Membrane associated sodium ion, potassium ion, and magnesium ion adenosine triphosphatase system.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-ATPase and sodium-potassium-activated ATPase activity in the proximal and distal segments of the small intestine of rats during postnatal development.
MAGNESIUM	Chemical and morphologic responses of arteriosclerotic and nonarteriosclerotic rats to magnesium-aluminum wire implants.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium and calcium in the first and second contraction of glycerin-extracted muscle fibers.
MAGNESIUM	Reaction mechanism of the Ca2 plus-dependent ATPase of sarcoplasmic reticulum from skeletal mus le. V. Vectorial requirements for calcium and magnesium ions of three partial reactions of ATPase: formation and decomposition of a phosphorylated intermediate and ATP-formation from ADP and the intermediate.
MAGNESIUM	Enzymatic-histochemical examination of magnesium-dependent myocardial ATP-ase activity under the electron microscope.
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in muscle contraction.
MAGNESIUM	Alterations in activated magnesium and sodium plus potassium adenosine triphosphatase and the krebs cycle in hemorrhagic shock.
MAGNESIUM	A soluble, magnesium-dependent, calcium-inhibited ATPase in human platelets.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ion on brain mitochondrial respiration. I. Activation of brain mitochondrial phosphotransferases by magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Electron microscopic study of localization of magnesium-dependent ATPase.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental cytologic study of the effect of potassium-magnesium-aspartate on human fibroblasts and HeLa cells in tissue culture
MAGNESIUM	ATPase activity of human erythrocyte membranes: variations of the Vm and Km parameters in relation to magnesium and calcium ions
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium absorption: role of intestinal microflora.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and polyamine levels in Neurospora crassa mycelia.
MAGNESIUM	Oxidative phosphorylation in Escherichia coli K12. Mutations affecting magnesium ion- or calcium ion-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	The role of calcium and magnesium in the adenosine triphosphatase reaction of sarcoplasmic reticulum.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of deprivation of certain essential amino acids on erythrocyte and plasma electrolytes in rats. II. Plasma water, sodium, potassium and magnesium levels. Ingestion and urinary excretion of sodium and potassium during these deprivations
MAGNESIUM	Prevention by thyroxine of nephrocalcinosis in early magnesium deficiency in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium, ATP, P i , and sodium on the inhibition of the (Na +  + K + )-activated enzyme system by g-strophanthin.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate in digitalis toxicity.
MAGNESIUM	Role of calcium for magnesium-activated adenosinetriphosphatase activity and adenosinetriphosphate-magnesium stimulated catecholamine release from adrenal medullary granules.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium in the regulation of adenosine triphosphate-magnesium stimulated catecholamine release from adrenal medullary granules.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and erythrocyte content of water, sodium, potassium and magnesium in protein-deficient rats and rats recovered from such deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Salivary magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of oligomycin-sensitive and -insensitive magnesium adenosine triphosphatase activity in fish by polychlorinated biphenyls.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-dependent ATP-ase in membranes of 5-hydroxytryptamine storage organelles.
MAGNESIUM	Neuromuscular depression induced by magnesium chloride and magnesium sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Endocrine regulation of mineral metabolism. II. Action of long-term treatment with pineal polypeptide E-5 on magnesium metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the mechanism of calcium and magnesium absorption in germfree rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism from the viewpoint of cardioangiology. II. Findings in magnesium metabolism in vascular diseases
MAGNESIUM	Thyroxine-induced stimulation of hepatic cell transport of calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of amino acid structure, ionic strength, and magnesium ion concentration on rates of nonenzymic hydrolysis of aminoacyl transfer ribonucleic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of 5-phenyloxazolidinedione on sodium-potassium-magnesium-activated adenosine triphosphatase activity in mouse brain.
MAGNESIUM	The nature of the transport ATPase-digitalis complex. 3. Rapid binding studies and effects of ligands on the formation and stability of magnesium plus phosphate-induced glycoside-enzyme complex.
MAGNESIUM	Elementary processes of the magnesium ion-dependent adenosine triphosphatase activity of heavy meromyosin. A transient kinetic approach to the study of kinases and adenosine triphosphatases and a colorimetric inorganic phosphate assay in situ.
MAGNESIUM	Partial resolution of the enzymes catalyzing photophosphorylation. XI. Magnesium-adenosine triphosphatase properties of heat-activated coupling factor I from chloroplasts.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and rickets in rats
MAGNESIUM	Adaptation of dogs to thyroparathyroidectomy. Study of variations of calcium, phosphorus and magnesium in blood, urine and bone
MAGNESIUM	Crystallographic studies of bone minerals. 3. Influencing of substance absorption through magnesium and glucosamine sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and open-heart surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-calcium-activated adenosine triphosphatase from neuronal plasma membranes of the snail Helix pomatia
MAGNESIUM	Structue-activity relationships of cardiotonic steroids for the inhibition of sodium- and potassium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase. I. Dissociation rate constants of various enzyme-cardiac glycoside complexes formed in the presence of magnesium and phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Globule leukocytes and mast cells of the urinary tract in magnesium-deficient rats. A cytochemical and electron microscopic study.
MAGNESIUM	Properties of a magnesium- or calcium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase from frog rod photoreceptor outer segment disks and its inhibition by illumination.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemical variability of human erythrocyte membrane preparations, as demonstrated by sodium-potassium-magnesium and calcium adenosine triphosphatase activities.
MAGNESIUM	Cytofluorescence of globule leucocytes and mast cells in the urinary bladder of magnesium-deficient rats: visualization of acid mucopolysaccharide, histamine and serotonin.
MAGNESIUM	Mitochondria uncoupling effect of halothane dependent on magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	A clinical study of serum magnesium concentrations during anaesthesia and cardiopulmonary bypass.
MAGNESIUM	Steady-state serum salicylate levels in hospitalized patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Comparison of two dosage schedules of choline magnesium trisalicylate.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium transport in single cells.
MAGNESIUM	Reconstitution of the energy-linked transhydrogenase activity in membranes from a mutant strain of Escherichia coli K12 lacking magnesium ion- or calcium ion-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	A proposed mechanism for myosin magnesium adenosine triphosphatase activity.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of haemoglobin with ions. Quantitative description of the state of magnesium, adenosine 5'-triphosphate, 2,3-bisphosphoglycerate, and human haemoglobin under simulated intracellular conditions.
MAGNESIUM	Myosin ATP hydrolysis: a mechanism involving a magnesium chelate complex.
MAGNESIUM	The ineffectiveness of magnesium sulphate and heparin in preventing thrombosis following microvascular anastomoses.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of sodium, potassium, and magnesium activated ATPases by acetaldehyde and "biogenic" aldehydes.
MAGNESIUM	Lubricity measurements of magnesium stearate proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Modification of sarcoplasmic reticulum adenosine triphosphatase by adenosine triphosphate magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium participation in the process of photophosphorylation
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Extracellular hypochloremic alkalosis, cardiotoxicity of epinephrine and protective effects of magnesium compounds.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Influence of magnesium on the frequency-force relationship of cardiac ventricular muscle of the guinea pig.
MAGNESIUM	Structure-activity relationships of cardiotonic steroids for the inhibition of sodium- and potassium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase. 3. Dissociation rate constants of various enzyme-cardiac glycoside complexes formed in the presence of sodium, magnesium, and adenosine triphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	The stimulation of adipocyte plasma membrane magnesium ion-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase by insulin and concanavalin A.
MAGNESIUM	Cumulative effect of several anions on the activity of magnesium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase in a microsomal fraction of a pleopod Sphaeroma serratum (Fabricus)
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in experimental tumors: effects of the age of the tumor.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in rats, and variation of certain serum protein parameters
MAGNESIUM	Adenosine triphosphatase of Aspergillus nidulans: activation by calcium ion &amp; inhibition of this effect by magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for Ca2+ regulated magnesium ATP ase of thrombosthenin (platelet actomyosin).
MAGNESIUM	The characterization of myosin-product complexes and of product-release steps during the magnesium ion-dependent adenosine triphosphatase reaction.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium ion-dependent adenosine triphosphatase of myosin. Two-step processes of adenosine triphosphate association and adenosine diphosphate dissociation.
MAGNESIUM	Local conformational change of myosin detected by tryptic digestibility. II. Effect of magnesium ions on the fragmentation pattern of heavy meromyosin by trypsin.
MAGNESIUM	Action of calcium and magnesium ions on the arylesterase activity of erythrocytes modified by L-phenylaline
MAGNESIUM	A mathematical model for the influence of fructose 6-phosphate, ATP, potassium, ammonium and magnesium on the phosphofructokinase from rat erythrocytes;.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium, magnesium values and cholinesterase activity in newborn and young infants with special reference to the presurgical magnesium-calcium ratio in relation to the effect of non-depolarizing muscle relaxant
MAGNESIUM	Study of the magnesium inhibition of the myosin ATPase reaction
MAGNESIUM	Pharmacologic study of magnesium pemoline. Mechanism of action
MAGNESIUM	The cell cycle in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe: changes in activity of magnesium dependent ATP'ase and in total internal magnesium in relation to cell division.
MAGNESIUM	Further observations on magnesium transport in rat ventricular muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Myocardial loss of functional magnesium. I. Effect on mitochondrial integrity and potassium retention.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium ion concentration on the pH optimum of the spinach leaf alkaline fructose diphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium content of rat liver and Morris Hepatoma 5123 tc.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on coenzyme A and pyrophosphate derivatives inhibition of yeast glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase.
MAGNESIUM	Dependence of tension development on calcium and magnesium adenosinetriphosphates in chemically skinned molluscan smooth muscle fibers.
MAGNESIUM	Neurohypophysial peptide interaction with magnesium in avian vascular smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Studies with a multichannel flame spectrometer. 3. Simultaneous analysis of magnesium, calcium, copper, manganese, and chromium: a method devoid of cation and anion interferences.
MAGNESIUM	On the mechanism by which calcium and magnesium affect the spontaneous release of transmitter from mammalian motor nerve terminals.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical trials of a new water-soluble contrast medium: sodium, calcium and magnesium metrizoate
MAGNESIUM	The effects of neuromuscular blocking agents on mitochondria. IV. Effects of d-tubocurarine, pyrrolizidine alkaloids and magnesium on oxidative phosphorylation.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium trisilicate on the infectivity of tobacco mosaic virus.
MAGNESIUM	On the mechanism by which calcium and magnesium affect the release of transmitter by nerve impulses.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of pyrophosphate on the crystallisation of uric acid and magnesium ammonium phosphate and its implications in phosphate therapy for urolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Polarographic evaluation of magnesium silicate thin layer chromatograms
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on blood and liver transketolase activity and on the recovery of enzyme activity in thiamine-deficient rats receiving thiamine.
MAGNESIUM	Importance of erythrocyte magnesium in the diagnosis and treatment of certain tetanies
MAGNESIUM	Spectrophotometric determination of serum magnesium by eriochrome black T.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibitor of spinach chloroplast fructose-1,6-diphosphatase by MgATP--,MgADP-and magnesium pyrophosphate (MgP207--).
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and inorganic phosphate content in CSF related to blood-brain barrier function in neurological disease.
MAGNESIUM	Antacid effect of a magnesium trisilicate-1-hyoscyamine combination preparation (Neoplex B)--clinical and function analytical studies
MAGNESIUM	Studies on streaming. I. Inhibition of protoplasmic streaming and cytokinesis of Chaos chaos by adenosine triphosphate and reversal by magnesium and calcium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and calcium on neurones in the central nervous system.
MAGNESIUM	Anaesthetic action of magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium on sympathetic transmission in human fallopian tube.
MAGNESIUM	The pyrophosphatase activity of pig kidney alkaline phosphatase and its inhibition by magnesium ions and excess of pyrophosphate.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium-dependence of sodium:potassium and sodium:sodium exchange mediated by the sodium pump in intact human red cells proceedings
MAGNESIUM	The action of calcium and magnesium on dendrite potentials
MAGNESIUM	Neutrophil aggregation: effect of the time and sequence of addition of calcium, magnesium and chemotactic factor.
MAGNESIUM	Gel filtration behavior of calcium and magnesium salts in normal and stone-forming urines.
MAGNESIUM	The combined action of magnesium fluosilicate and molybdenum in the treatment of experimental caries in the white rat
MAGNESIUM	Biochemistry of cerebral tumours: sodium, potassium, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, copper and sulphur contents of astrocytomata, medulloblastomata and glioblastomata multiforme.
MAGNESIUM	The interaction of presynaptic polarization with calcium and magnesium in modifying spontaneous transmitter release from mammalian motor nerve terminals.
MAGNESIUM	Application of magnesium silicate adsorption chromatography to the determination of mephobarbital and diphenylhydantoin in tablets.
MAGNESIUM	Excess dietary zinc for the maternal rat, and zinc, iron, copper, calcium, and magnesium content and enzyme activity in maternal and fetal tissues.
MAGNESIUM	Role of hormones in magnesium metabolism
MAGNESIUM	The adenosine triphosphate inhibition of the pyruvate kinase reaction and its dependence on the total magnesium ion concentration.
MAGNESIUM	The role of hemodynamic factors on urinary calcium and magnesium excretion.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium on the intracellular crystallization of rhinovirus.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium and magnesium ions on the adenosine triphosphatase and inosine triphosphatase activities of myosin A.
MAGNESIUM	Osteogenesis imperfecta: effect of magnesium administration on pyrophosphate metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Action of curare and magnesium on striated muscle of stress-susceptible pigs.
MAGNESIUM	Phlebothrombosis and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium ion in the adenine phosphoribosyltransferase reaction.
MAGNESIUM	An unusual case of fatal poisoning by magnesium fluosilicate
MAGNESIUM	Temperature-dependent change in rate-limiting step of the magnesium-stimulated ITPase of myosin.
MAGNESIUM	Adrenal gland factors in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium silicate in virus transmission.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on neuromuscular transmission in the horse, steer, and dog.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion blockade of regional vasoconstriction.
MAGNESIUM	The value in pathology of red cell magnesium determination
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium orotate and orotic acid on the enzyme activity of the liver. Experimental studies
MAGNESIUM	Low magnesium and phospholipid content of cell wals of Pseudomonas aeruginosa resistant to polymyxin.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on replication of rhinovirus HGP.
MAGNESIUM	Digestive spasmophilia, erythrocyte magnesium and Vichy cure
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and neuromuscular irritability in calves, with particular reference to hypomagnesaemic tetany.
MAGNESIUM	Quantitative determination of ethanol by gas liquid chromatography after collection from the vapor phase on anhydrous magnesium perchlorate.
MAGNESIUM	Isoleucyl transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase. The role of magnesium in amino acid activation.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on swine. XXXI. Changes in serum magnesium levels after administration of ACTH and various adrenal cortex hormones
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium sulfate on anoxia and resuscitation in the neonate.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels and magnesium trisilicate therapy in labour.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of long-term lithium treatment on serum calcium, magnesium, and calcitonin proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on drug-induced contractions and ion content in rabbit aorta.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium chloride on hemagglutination and infective properties of enteroviruses
MAGNESIUM	In vitro regulation of rat heart 5'-nucleotidase by adenine nucleotides and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium and magnesium of PTH secretion.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium and magnesium on potentiation and depression of extracellularly recorded EPSPs in the olfactory cortex of the guinea-pig.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium trisilicate o  the antibacterial activity of benzalkonium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Separation and quantitative assay of furazolidone and nifuroxime in suppositories by magnesium silicate adsorption column chromatography.
MAGNESIUM	Titration of magnesium trisilicate mixture against gastric acid secretion.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the allosteric modification of nucleoside diphosphatase activity by magnesium nucleoside triphosphates and inosine diphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	A comparison of mitochondria from Torulopsis utilis grown in continuous culture with glycerol, iron, ammonium, magnesium or phosphate as the growth-limiting nutrient.
MAGNESIUM	Action of synthetic estrogens on some hematochemical constants in cattle, with special reference to calcium, phosphorus, magnesium and citric acid
MAGNESIUM	Activation of fructose diphosphatase by manganese, magnesium and cobalt.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of a combination of borate and magnesium fluorsilicate on experimental caries in the rat
MAGNESIUM	Effects of micro-iontophoretic administration of magnesium and calcium on neurones in the central nervous system of cats.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium depletion on responsiveness to parathyroid hormone in parathyroidectomized rats.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibited operant behaviour and serum magnesium increase in rats after isoprenaline proceedings
MAGNESIUM	The influence of calcium, magnesium and cyclic adenosine 3',5'-monophosphate on the mixed lymphocyte reaction.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of angiotensin II on urinary magnesium, calcium, and sodium excretion in normal subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Wine versus ethanol in human nutrition. III. Calcium, phosphorous, and magnesium balance.
MAGNESIUM	Myocardial tissue concentrations of magnesium and potassium in men dying suddenly from ischemic heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on nerve conduction velocity during regular dialysis treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of interaction of aluminum hydroxycarbonate gel and magnesium hydroxide gel on acid neutralization.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of intramuscular, high-dose administered crystalline Vitamin D 3  in dissolved form, on serum calcium, phosphorus and magnesium levels in cows susceptible to hypocalcemic puerperal paresis (paresispuerperalis hypocalcaemica)
MAGNESIUM	Premelting unwinding of the deoxyribonucleic acid duplex by aqueous magnesium perchlorate.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium metabolism in tumors. Its relationship with chromium complex accumulation. II. Calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in human and animal tumors.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium, potassium, antikaliuretic agents and hypocholesteremic agents in cardiac lesion development in rats fed a thrombogenic diet and Na 2  HPO 4 
MAGNESIUM	Circular dichroism study of the effects of magnesium perchlorate and temperature on the solution conformation of uridine 5'-monophosphate, uridine 3'-monophosphate, uridine, and uridylyl-(3' leads to 5')-uridine.
MAGNESIUM	Conformational change in sarcoplasmic reticulum induced by ATP in the presence of magnesium ion and calcium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of effects of dietary calcium and magnesium depletion on renal glucose-6-phosphatase activity of rats fed high protein and high carbohydrate diets.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of yeast inorganic pyrophosphatase by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions of divalent metal ions with inorganic and nucleoside phosphates. II. Kinetics of magnesium(II) with HP 3 O 10  4- ,ATP, CTP, HP 2 O 7  3- , ADP, and CDP.
MAGNESIUM	Intestinal alkaline phosphatase and phytase of chicks: effect of dietary magnesium, calcium, phosphorus and thyroactive casein.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on horizontal cell activity in the skate retina.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium on spontaneous transmitter release accelerated by raised potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium, serum cholesterol and serum lipoproteins in cases of coronary artery disease.
MAGNESIUM	Electron paramagnetic resonance studies on nitrogenase. 3. Function of magnesium adenosine 5'-triphosphate and adenosine 5'-diphosphate in catalysis by nitrogenase.
MAGNESIUM	Dependence of magnesium-activated inosine phosphatase activity of the actomyosin on the ionic strength
MAGNESIUM	Variations in the eosionophil count, glucose, free fatty acids, calcium and magnesium contents of sheep blood within the period of one day, and effects of various hormones on them (ACTH, prednisolone, adrenaline)
MAGNESIUM	Availability of magnesium: balance studies in rats with various inorganic magnesium salts.
MAGNESIUM	Estimation of the concentration of low density lipoprotein cholesterol and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol by selective adsorption from serum with magnesium compounds.
MAGNESIUM	Antacids before obstetric anaesthesia. A clinical evaluation of the effectiveness of mist. magnesium trisilicate BPC.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary protein and magnesium on selected ATP phosphotransferases and neuromuscular behavior in young rats.
MAGNESIUM	The accumulation of 32P-polyphosphates of calcium, magnesium, lanthanum and sodium by tumor bearing animals: its radiotherapeutical significance.
MAGNESIUM	Estimation of inorganic pyrophosphate phosphohydrolytic activity in human blood serum. The effects of serum constituents, magnesium and calcium.
MAGNESIUM	Changes of the ventricular monophasic action potentials induced with imipramine. The effect of potassium and magnesium aspartate and of sodium bicarbonate
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium and polyamines on the reactivity of individual ribosomal subunit proteins to lactoperoxidase-catalyzed iodination.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of free magnesium and salts on the inorganic pyrophosphatase purified from a slightly halophilic Vibrio alginolyticus.
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium ions in hydrolysis of pyrophosphate by yeast inorganic pyrophosphatase
MAGNESIUM	Action of magnesium ion on diphosphopyridine nucleotide-linked isocitrate dehydrogenase from bovine heart. Characterization of the forms of the substrate and the modifier of the reaction.
MAGNESIUM	Chromatography of unusual lipids on thin layers of magnesium oxide.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium in human spermatozoa.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of sex steroids on calcium- and magnesium-induced mitogenesis in isolated rat thymic lymphocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Causes of variation of copper, iron, manganese, zinc and magnesium levels in bovine livers. 1. Determination of trace elements by atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Calibration drift in the automated determination of calcium and magnesium by atomic absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Leucocyte and erythrocyte magnesium levels after jejuno-ileal bypass surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and contraction of arterial smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium in human spermatozoa from different fractions of split ejaculates.
MAGNESIUM	In vitro release and uptake of zinc and magnesium by human spermatozoa.
MAGNESIUM	Interdependable effects of magnesium ion and ethylene diamine tetracetate (EDTA) on chicken liver D-fructose-1,6-diphosphate, 1-phosphohydrolase.
MAGNESIUM	Inorganic pyrophosphate-phosphohydrolytic activity associated with human placental alkaline orthophosphatase. Nature of the substrate and role of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium adenosine 5'-triphosphate on the accessibility of the iron of clostridial azoferredoxin, a component of nitrogenase.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of cholecalciferol on bone formation and serum calcium, phosphate and magnesium in chicks.
MAGNESIUM	Radioimmunoassay of urinary insulin using the method of separation by magnesium silicate. Application to the measure of insulin urinary clearance
MAGNESIUM	Cellular lipoproteins, calcium and magnesium in Novikoff hepatoma, liver of tumor-bearing and liver of normal rats.
MAGNESIUM	Epinephrine and adrenocorticotropic hormone-stimulated magnesium accumulation in adipocytes and their plasma membranes.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium therapy in a case vitamin D resistant rickets of the De Toni-Debré-Fanconi type
MAGNESIUM	The effect of oxygen on the photoconductivity of lipid bilayers containing magnesium-porphyrin.
MAGNESIUM	Conformational differences in myosin. Evidence for change in rate limiting step of the magnesium stimulated ITPase of myosin.
MAGNESIUM	Antibiotic susceptibility testing of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: selection of a control strain and criteria for magnesium and calcium content in media.
MAGNESIUM	Distribution of calcium and magnesium in rat kidney homogenate fractions accompanying magnesium deficiency induced nephrocalcinosis.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of parathyroidectomy and cyclic AMP on renal transport of phosphate, calcium, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Extracorporeal circulation with and without magnesium. An experimental study.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium ions as effectors of adipose-tissue pyruvate dehydrogenase phosphate phosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Modification by external calcium and magnesium ions of the potentiative action of 5'-AMP on the ATP-induced contraction of isolated guinea-pig ileum.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in the rat and variation of several parameters in relation to lipid metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Effect of oral contraceptives on Serum magnesium levels.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, a second messenger for insulin: ion translocation coupled to transport activity.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemolone: lack of facilitation in human learning, memory, and performance tests.
MAGNESIUM	Activity and responsivity in rats after magnesium pemoline injections.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium pemoline and dextroamphetamine on human learning.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline: effect on avoidance conditioning in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline: failure to affect in vivo synthesis of brain RNA.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of magnesium with vasopressin intestinal smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Pemoline and magnesium hydroxide versus pemoline: enhancement of learning and memory of a conditioned avoidance response in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Pemoline and magnesium hydroxide: lack of effect on RNA and protein synthesis.
MAGNESIUM	Migration of 40 S ribosomal subunits on messenger RNA when initiation is perturbed by lowering magnesium or adding drugs.
MAGNESIUM	Failure of magnesium pemoline to enhance acquisition of the avoidance response in mice.
MAGNESIUM	A preliminary evaluation of magnesium pemoline in chronic schizophrenic patients.
MAGNESIUM	Enhancement of tick-borne encephalitis virus plaques in the presence of magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline: stimulant effects on performance of fatigued subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium magnesium asparagine on coronary disease and its complications
MAGNESIUM	Pemoline and magnesium-pemolin compared psychoanaleptic action
MAGNESIUM	Learning and memory enhancement by pemoline and magnesium hydroxide (PMH).
MAGNESIUM	Antagonistic actions of magnesium, calcium and sodium ions on impulse generation in the sinus node of the guinea pig heart
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium pemoline on cognition and behavior.
MAGNESIUM	Copper replacement of magnesium in the chlorophylls and bacteriochlorophyll.
MAGNESIUM	Radioprotective effect of magnesium pemoline: a comparison with pemoline and dextroamphetamine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline: stimulant effects on performance of fatigued men.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemical and behavioral effects of magnesium pemoline.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium pemoline on the survival of mice with Ehrlich ascites tumor.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical evaluation of pemoline and magnesium hydroxide as a mild stimulant in geriatric patients.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental study of the psychomotor activity of magnesium-pemoline
MAGNESIUM	A research report on the anti-fatigue effects of magnesium pemoline.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of pre- and post-irradiation administration of magnesium pemoline on radioresistance.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline and job performance in mentally handicapped workers.
MAGNESIUM	Enhancement of rat liver microsomal oxidases by magnesium and a heat-stable factor from the soluble fraction.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of distribution of magnesium stearate on the penetration of a tablet by water.
MAGNESIUM	A study of some possible mechanisms by which magnesium activates hepatic microsomal drug metabolism in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Role of dietary magnesium in the metabolism of drugs by NADPH-dependent rat liver microsomal enzymes.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium ions and Tris buffer on the uptake of cetyl trimethyl ammonium bromide by Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	The compaction of magnesium carbonate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium--the forgotten electrolyte.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium, sodium, magnesium and calcium contents of Chinook salmon tissues during various stages of the life cycle.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium and some other divalent cations on hepatic microsomal drug metabolism in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium, magnesium and manganese on dextran production by a cariogenic streptococcus.
MAGNESIUM	Blood calcium and blood magnesium in the dairy cow. 2. Tolerance of certain solutions based on calcium and magnesium and with or without analeptics. Comparative study
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium in sport medicine dietetics: its rôle in physical endurance and prevention of muscular disorders
MAGNESIUM	Stimulant activity of pemoline and magnesium hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of sodium, calcium and magnesium on the amplitude of the action potential from giant neurons of Limnaea stagnalis.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of sodium, calcium and magnesium on the overshoot amplitude of the action potential from giant neurons of Planorbarius corneus.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium and magnesium on statistical release parameters at the crayfish neuromuscular junction.
MAGNESIUM	Intestinal absorption of calcium and magnesium in hepatobiliary disease in infancy.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of calcium and magnesium in children.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium and phosphate on mycological fat formation from sweet potatoes.
MAGNESIUM	Indicators of free magnesium in biological systems.
MAGNESIUM	Insulin effects on calcium, magnesium and phosphate metabolism in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Change in retinal pressure and retino-brachial index after transient cerebrovascular circulation disorders under the effect of bromine-sodium and magnesium-euphyllin electrophoresis
MAGNESIUM	Changes of serum magnesium in diabetes mellitus
MAGNESIUM	Communications and discussions of the First International Symposium on Magnesium Deficit in Human Pathology (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and erythrocyte potassium, sodium and magnesium levels in viral hepatitis and chronic hepatitis
MAGNESIUM	Cold stress induced changes in the uptake and distribution of radiolabelled magnesium in the brain and pituitary of the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Drug-resistant effect of adenine nucleotides and magnesium on catecholamine efflux from isolated adrenal medullary storage vesicles.
MAGNESIUM	The use of a new renotropic contrast-medium in infants with special reference to magnesium metabolism (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of alanine and dimethyl sulfoxide on the solubility of calcium phosphate, magnesium phosphate and calcium oxalate.
MAGNESIUM	Inorganic phosphate, calcium and magnesium levels in the sera of Botswanan cattle receiving feed additives.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Treatment of renal stones: cellulose phosphate or magnesium?
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in the rat with chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium oxide-pyridoxine therapy for recurrent calcium oxalate calculi.
MAGNESIUM	Serum inorganic phosphate, calcium and magnesium levels of cattle in Botswana.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of oxalate, calcium, magnesium, and uric acid in inflammatory bowel disease.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of age and magnesium depletion on bone magnesium pools in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of digitalis on sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium cation exchange and its action on the heart
MAGNESIUM	The effectiveness of magnesium chloride in the treatment of ventricular tachyarrhythmias due to digitalis intoxication.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency: a possible cause of thiamine refractoriness in Wernicke-Korsakoff encephalopathy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium electrophoresis by means of a sinusoid modulated current in the treatment of spontaneous abortion
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in osteogenesis imperfecta tarda of the Loebstein type
MAGNESIUM	Control of cell division in yeast using the ionophore, A23187 with calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	A method for determining "true" availability of magnesium from foodstuffs using chickens.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between loss of magnesium and loss of salt tolerance after sublethal heating of Staphylococcus aureus.
MAGNESIUM	Study of the interaction of polynucleotide chains with oligomers by means of chromatography. II. Effect of magnesium ions and noncomplementary bases on the stability of complexes.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in maternal serum and cord blood.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of penicillin procaine administration on 24-hour urinary excretion of calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Micropuncture study of magnesium transport along the nephron in the young rat.
MAGNESIUM	Correlation between states I and II in algae and the effect of magnesium on chloroplasts.
MAGNESIUM	Cellular changes in the exocrine pancreas of rats fed two levels of magnesium and protein.
MAGNESIUM	Subcellular changes in protein metabolism and magnesium content of the pancreas in rats fed two levels of dietary protein and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Hypomagnesemia due to renal tubular defect in reabsorption of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of low magnesium dialysate on plasma, ultrafiltrable, erythrocyte and bone magnesium concentrations from patients on maintenance haemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level in umbilical cord blood in newborn infants and in venous blood in healthy infants
MAGNESIUM	Formation constants for interaction of citrate with calcium and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Interference by polyamines in the measurement of magnesium ion at physiological pH with the divalent cation-selective electrode.
MAGNESIUM	Possibilities of polyphosphate use in animal nutrition. 10. Effect of various phosphate sources and dosage on magnesium metabolism in rats
MAGNESIUM	Possibilities of polyphosphate use in animal nutrition. 13. Studies on the effect of an oral administration of various sodium polyphosphates on calcium magnesium and manganese metabolism in sheep
MAGNESIUM	Changes in body temperature and blood pressure in rats with calcium and magnesium deficiencies.
MAGNESIUM	Requirement for thiamine pyrophosphate and magnesium for sulfoacetaldehyde sulfo-lyase activity.
MAGNESIUM	The regulation of pyruvate dehydrogenase in isolated beef heart mitochondria. The role of calcium, magnesium, and permeant anions.
MAGNESIUM	Genetic control of chlorophyll biosynthesis in Chlamydomonas. Analysis of mutants at two loci mediating the conversion of protoporphyrin-IX to magnesium protoporphyrin.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in hepatic disorders.
MAGNESIUM	Thiamine metabolism in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Reduced acid-neutralizing velocity of spray-dried agglomerated magnesium carbonate.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of the calcium and magnesium ratio in the nutrient medium on the results of gamma-irradiation of cabbage seeds
MAGNESIUM	Clinical aspects and therapy of the magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Renal excretion of calcium and magnesium in children with chronic glomerulonephritis and pyelonephritis before and after the development of chronic renal insufficiency
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium acetate treatment of roller bottles for the preparation of uniform cell monolayers.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of alloxan diabetes on magnesium metabolism in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Renal magnesium and calcium excretion during a magnesium load, related to renal function (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Capillarographic criteria on the effect of magnesium orotate, EPL substances and clofibrate on the elasticity of blood vessels.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium and magnesium aspartate on the serum free-fatty-acids levels in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Structure of a magnesium-induced polymer of calf brain microtubule protein.
MAGNESIUM	Photoreduction of bacteriochlorophyll, chlorophyll and their magnesium-free derivatives by sodium sulfide and hydrogen sulfide
MAGNESIUM	In-vivo studies on the absorption of magnesium from the ovine rumen. Estimation of the maximum absorption capacity of the rumen
MAGNESIUM	Polyamine replacement by magnesium ions in BHK-21/C13 cells.
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation of a new kit for magnesium measurement in biological fluids.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of albumin, magnesium, and zinc on human sperm survival in different fractions of split ejaculates.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium regulation in mosquito larvae (Aedes compestris) living in waters of high MgSO4 content.
MAGNESIUM	Active transport of magnesium by the malpighian tubules of the larvae of the mosquito, Aedes campestris.
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of acute myocardial infarct and chronic heart failure using potassium-magnesium aspartate
MAGNESIUM	Synthesis of sodium and magnesium 3-chloro-2,5,6-trimethylbenzoates
MAGNESIUM	Lithium toxicity and refractory cardiac arrhythmia treated with intravenous magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Effects of lithium on the activity of pyruvate kinase and other magnesium dependent enzymes.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in renal diseases.
MAGNESIUM	The antithyrotropic effect of magnesium ions
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in acute magnesium deficiency following parenteral administration of magnesium chloride and aspartate in long-term studies of rats
MAGNESIUM	Kinetics of alkaline phosphatase from pig kidney. Mechanism of activation by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-phosphate magnesium-aluminate osteoceramics.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of the cell magnesium in vascular smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Concentration of calcium, magnesium, copper, iron and zinc in the amniotic fluid during pregnancy (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Modification of 5-HT action by magnesium ions on the guinea pig ileum.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the concentration of calcium, magnesium, copper, iron and zinc in turbid amniotic fluid (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Epinephrine stimulation of fat cell adenylate cyclase: regulation by guanosine-5'-triphosphate and magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium and calcium ions on phosphatase activities at alkaline pH in the molar region of newborn mice.
MAGNESIUM	Bruxism and magnesium. Literature review and case reports.
MAGNESIUM	Mineral metabolism of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in experimental poisoning by vitamin D
MAGNESIUM	The influence of dietary calcium on renal calcification, magnesemia and bone magnesium in the magnesium deficient rat
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium ions on the uptake of magnesium by isolated cell walls of rumen bacteria.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium retention of lactating beef cows given two levels of magnesium with either an adequate or low plane of nutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of glucagon on the magnesium and potassium level in the man
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Age-dependent interaction of potassium magnesium aspartate during general anesthesia. A contribution to lactate-pyruvate- and ATP-metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Change in the blood serum content of sodium, potassium and magnesium during experimental aseptic peritonitis
MAGNESIUM	Adenosine kinase: regulation by substrates, magnesium and pH.
MAGNESIUM	Uptake of potassium, phosphorus and magnesium under varying concentrations of potassium by intact Sorghum plants. Short communication.
MAGNESIUM	Preliminary study of the influence of the oral synthetic oestrogen-gestogens on the rate of calcium, magnesium and silicon in some tissues fo the female rats
MAGNESIUM	Mammalian chromatin substructure studies with the calcium-magnesium endonuclease and two-dimensional polyacrylamide-gel electrophoresis.
MAGNESIUM	Quantitative determination, characterization and stability of magnesium 5-methyltetrahydrofolate
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium on the anti-aggregation effect of blood platelets due to dipyridamole
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium clearance in kidney diseases in children
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium ions on respiratory- and ATP-supported calcium binding by rat heart mitochondria proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Characteristics of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus metabolism in infants during the 1st year of life
MAGNESIUM	Metal ion interaction with nucleic acid bases: interaction of magnesium ion with uracil.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of endogenous factors on the ash, calcium, magnesium, potassium, sodium, phosphorus, zinc, iron, copper and maganese content of swine bristles. 1. Effect of the height and location of the cut on the body on the mineral composition of swine bristles
MAGNESIUM	Effect of endogenous factors on the ash, calcium, magnesium, potassium, sodium, phosphorus, zinc, iron, copper, and manganese content of swine bristles. 2. Effect of the animal's age on the mineral composition of swine bristles
MAGNESIUM	Change in the calcium-binding capacity of sea urchin egg homogenate caused by treatment with ATP and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-albumin binding measurements using ion-selective membrane electrodes.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium- and magnesium-binding properties of a high affinity calcium-binding protein from crayfish sarcoplasm.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Secretion of parathyroid hormone and adenyl cyclase--with special reference to the effects of magnesium ion
MAGNESIUM	Effects of free magnesium concentration and ionic strength on equilibrium constants for the glyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase and phosphoglycerate kinase reactions.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium ions on adrenergic nerve terminals.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of pharmaceutical adjuvant on absorption of drugs. Effect of magnesium aluminosilicate on absorption of aspirin in man (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Studies on kidney preservation by means of potassium-magnesium-aspartate
MAGNESIUM	The action of the aminoglycosidic antibiotic gentamicin of the isolated rat diaphragm. Potentiation of the neuromuscular blocking activity of gentamicin during combined application with muscle relaxant agents and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium in Finnish diets
MAGNESIUM	Elements necessary for maintaining life. II. Calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on the thermostability of inorganic pyrophosphatase from baker's yeast
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-ion susceptibility of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
MAGNESIUM	Strontium, calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus content of rat incisors as determined by electron microprobe analysis.
MAGNESIUM	Chemistry of human dental cementum: the effect of age and fluoride exposure on the concentration of ash, fluoride, calcium, phosphorus and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Mineral and magnesium distribution within the approximal carious lesion of dental enamel.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium content in the bone of the alveolar process in deep parodontitis and parodontopathy
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline and dextroamphetamine: a controlled study in children with minimal brain dysfunction.
MAGNESIUM	Photoemf at a single membrane-solution interface specific to lipid bilayers containing magnesium porphyrins.
MAGNESIUM	Role of attrition and occlusal contact in the physiology of the rat incisor. VI. Impeded and unimpeded eruption in hypophysectomized and magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Copper, iron and magnesium content in the bone of mandibular fractures
MAGNESIUM	Role of attrition and occlusal contact in the physiology of the rat incisor. VII. Formation of impeded and unimpeded incisors in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Mechanism of renaturation of pyruvate kinase of Saccharomyces carlsbergensis: activation by L-valine and magnesium and manganese ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the role it plays in biochemical transformations and muscle contraction
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium sulfate treatment on perinatal calcium metabolism. I. Maternal and fetal responses.
MAGNESIUM	Parotid salivary flow and variations in its pH, total solids, calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and cerebrospinal fluid magnesium, calcium and potassium concentrations in dairy cows with hypomagnesaemic tetany.
MAGNESIUM	Free metal ion depletion by "Good's" buffers. I. N-(2-acetamido)iminodiacetic acid 1:1 complexes with calcium(ii). magnesium(II), zinc(II), manganese(II), cobalt(II), nickel(II), and copper(II).
MAGNESIUM	Concentration of calcium and magnesium in the molars of rats
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in human teeth in caries
MAGNESIUM	Balance of serum and urinary magnesium in various metabolic and bone diseases
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium and potassium metabolism in surgery with cardiopulmonary bypass
MAGNESIUM	Intake of magnesium and toxicity of lead: an experimental model.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on the activity of deoxyribonucleases from the blood serum of vertebrates
MAGNESIUM	Practical experiences using procaine magnesium aspartate in open heart surgery
MAGNESIUM	Fluxes of magnesium and calcium during induced activity of frog sartorius muscle.
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium and substances promoting the transport of electrolytes.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of hypertonic solutions and "glycerol treatment" on calcium and magnesium movements of frog skeletal muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Magnesium inhibition of contractility and calcium exchange in frog sartorius muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-activated tension of skinned muscle fibers of the frog. Dependence on magnesium adenosine triphosphate concentration.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Oestrogen effects on calcium- and magnesium-induced mitosis in isolated rat thymic lymphocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Behaviour of magnesium in artificial cardiac valve replacement (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Functional and ionic changes accompanying magnesium penetration in skeletal muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Alterations of serum potassium, magnesium and calcium during organ transplantation.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of magnesium with aminophenazone (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the pathogenesis of hypomagnesemic tetany. I. Relationships between the magnesium contents in blood and cerebrospinal fluid
MAGNESIUM	Effect of triamterene on the renal clearance of calcium, magnesium, phosphate, and uric acid in man.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium and manganese on some biological and physical properties of tetracycline.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism from the cardioangiologic viewpoint. I. Findings on magnesium metabolism in heart diseases
MAGNESIUM	Effect of assay conditions on the magnesium requirement of the transfer reaction catalyzed by phenylalanyl-tRNA synthetase from bakers' yeast.
MAGNESIUM	Transport of magnesium by a repressible and a nonrepressible system in Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	Mineral nutrition, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, and potassium interrelationships.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium-ion concentration on the translation of phage-f2 RNA in a cell-free system of Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	A kinetic model for the action of the inorganic pyrophosphatase from bakers' yeast. The activating influence of magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism from the nephrologic viewpoint (a review)
MAGNESIUM	Neonatal magnesium disturbances.
MAGNESIUM	Intestinal calcium absorption and bone morphology in magnesium deficient chicks.
MAGNESIUM	48-hour kidney preservation (initial perfusion with potassium and magnesium-rich solution).
MAGNESIUM	Effects of colicins E1 and K on permeability to magnesium and cobaltous ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium dependence and equilibrium of the Escherichia coli ribosomal subunit association.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium requirement and magnesium stimulation of Escherichia coli L-form induction.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium content in the tissues and biological fluids of intact rats with chronic pharmacological sympathectomy
MAGNESIUM	Significance of magnesium for human pathology
MAGNESIUM	Quantitative analysis of inorganic phosphorus and magnesium in gingival fluid.
MAGNESIUM	Cations and ribosome structure. I. Effects on the 30S subunit of substituting polyamines for magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Cations and ribosome structure. II. Effects on the 50S subunit of substituting polyamines for magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium on the ultrastructure of glutaraldehyde-fixed locust nerve-muscle synapses.
MAGNESIUM	Submitochondrial distribution of magnesium and calcium: changes during magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-stimulated resynthesis of osmoresistant layer by Candida albicans spheroplasts.
MAGNESIUM	Isoleucyl transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase of Escherichia coli B. Effects of magnesium and spermine on the amino acid activation reaction.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the pancreas.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and its significance in cardiovascular and gastro-intestinal disorders.
MAGNESIUM	Protein-magnesium binding in serum. Parameters influencing the level of diffusible magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium ions and host viability on growth of bdellovibrios.
MAGNESIUM	Biosynthetic arginine decarboxylase from Escherichia coli. Subunit interactions and the role of magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sensitivity of L-aspartate: 2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase in Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	The desensitizing effect of calcium hydroxide and magnesium hydroxide on hypersensitive dentin.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium--an anticoagulant physiological electrolyte
MAGNESIUM	The hormonal and non-hormonal control of renal excretion of calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase of Escherichia coli B. Role of magnesium ions in the reaction catalyzed by the enzyme.
MAGNESIUM	Distinct effects of diamines, polyamines, and magnesium ions on the stability of lambda phage heads.
MAGNESIUM	Implanted silver-silver chloride magnesium power sources.
MAGNESIUM	The sequential nature of in vitro formation of 23 S RNA-50 S protein complexes of Escherichia coli: dependence on temperature and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Brain norepinephrine, dopamine, and 5-hydroxytryptamine in magnesium-deprivation encephalopathy in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Bone magnesium pools in uremia.
MAGNESIUM	Serum levels of selenium, calcium, copper magnesium, manganese and zinc in various human diseases.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium interrelationships in ischemic heart disease: a review.
MAGNESIUM	Pathogenesis of hypomagnesemic tetany. 3. Reation of sheep, receiving different magnesium supply, to intravenous ammonia infusion
MAGNESIUM	Ionized magnesium concentration in axoplasm of dialyzed squid axons.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in heart muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium pemoline and methylphenidate on memory improvement and mood in normal aging subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the nutrition of the child.
MAGNESIUM	Protein and magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Polyamine, magnesium and ribonucleic acid levels in steady-state cultures of the mould Aspergillus nidulans.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Comparisons of phenobarbitone, magnesium sulphate, and calcium gluconate in treatment of neonatal hypocalcaemic convulsions.
MAGNESIUM	Isolation and purification of calcium and magnesium dependent endonuclease from rat liver nuclei.
MAGNESIUM	Calorimetric studies of the role of magnesium ions in yeast enolase catalysis.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between magnesium and secondary hyperparathyroidism during long-term hemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Cooperative binding of magnesium to transfer ribonucleic acid studied by a fluorescent probe.
MAGNESIUM	Improved patency rates in microvascular surgery when using magnesium sulfate and a silicone rubber vascular cuff.
MAGNESIUM	Direct measurement of proton release by yeast enolase upon binding magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	The dependence of shape of human erythrocyte ghosts on calcium, magnesium, and adenosine triphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Placental magnesium, calcium and phosphorus contents in various mammals
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium heparinate in cardiovascular therapeutics
MAGNESIUM	Effects of cerebral intraventricular magnesium injections and a low magnesium diet on nonspecific excitability level, audiogenic seizure susceptibility and serotonin.
MAGNESIUM	Nitrogenase of Klebsiella pneumoniae. Inhibition of acetylene reduction by magnesium ion explained by the formation of an inactive dimagnesium-adenosine triphophate complex.
MAGNESIUM	Trial of a new antiepileptic drug, magnesium dipropyl acetate
MAGNESIUM	X-ray photoelectron studies of magnesium ions bound to the cell walls of gram-positive bacteria.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium, potassium, and magnesium concentrations in the enamel and dentin of human and rhesus monkey teeth.
MAGNESIUM	A method for the determination of sodium, potassium, magnesium and lithium concentrations in erythrocytes.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium and magnesium on sodium fluxes through gills of Carassius auratus, L.
MAGNESIUM	Stabilizing effect of magnesium sulfate on avian infectious bronchitis virus propagated in chicken embryo kidney cells.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium concentration of the growth medium on the level of protein synthesis of microsomes isolated from Discoglossus pictus tadpoles
MAGNESIUM	Intravenous essential L-amino acids and hypertonic dextrose in patients with acute renal failure. Effects on serum potassium, phosphate, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in blood calcium and magnesium in fasted cows.
MAGNESIUM	Thermodynamic studies of transfer ribonucleic acids. I. Magnesium binding to yeast phenylalanine transfer ribonucleic acid.
MAGNESIUM	On a non-chlorophyllic magnesium fraction bound to plastidial lamellar proteins from Zea mays L.
MAGNESIUM	Suppression of parathyroid gland activity by magnesium. Morphometric ultrastructural study.
MAGNESIUM	Roles of magnesium and calcium ions in cell-to-substrate adhesion.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium protoporphyrin chelatase activity in Rhodopseudomonas spheroides. Studies with whole cells.
MAGNESIUM	Increased requirement for magnesium during parenteral therapy for granulomatous colitis.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary osmolarity and excretion of sodium, calcium and magnesium in patients with renal calculi.
MAGNESIUM	Influences of environmental ionic strength, pH, and magnesium ion on bactericidal and lytic activities of  -lysin on Bacillus subtilis.
MAGNESIUM	The efflux of magnesium from single crustacean muscle fibres.
MAGNESIUM	Blood serum and cerebrospinal calcium and magnesium in cases of infantile convulsions
MAGNESIUM	Some aspects of magnesium and zinc metabolism in protein-calorie malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Comparative data on the use of Muller's medium and magnesium medium for the demonstration of Salmonella in food products
MAGNESIUM	Coupled transport of citrate and magnesium in Bacillus subtilis.
MAGNESIUM	Titration of calcium and magnesium in milk with EDTA.
MAGNESIUM	Inverse relationship between calcium and ATP in renal tissue of magnesium-deficient rats: a correction.
MAGNESIUM	Detection of polymeric calcium, magnesium, and manganese orthophosphates in Penicillium chrysogenum
MAGNESIUM	Light-induced slow changes in chlorophyll a fluorescence in isolated chloroplasts: effects of magnesium and phenazine methosulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Increase in bone magnesium content in renal failure in man.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of excess calcium on a fluoride-magnesium interrelationship in chicks.
MAGNESIUM	Binding of calcium and magnesium with serum proteins in chronic circulatory insufficiency
MAGNESIUM	Acute effect of aldosterone on tubular calcium and magnesium reabsorption.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary magnesium deficiency on calcium transport by the rat small intestine.
MAGNESIUM	Hippocampal injections of magnesium pemoline and the extinction of a bar press response in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Formulary selection of magnesium and aluminum combination liquid antacids.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-containing antacids to patients with uremia--an intoxication risk.
MAGNESIUM	Pulmonary edema associated with magnesium sulfate and betamethasone administration.
MAGNESIUM	Thyroparathyroidectomized dogs. Calcium and magnesium perfusion tests and study of calcium and magnesium kinetics using Ca 47  and Mg 28 
MAGNESIUM	The effect of calcium and magnesium ions on drug-receptor interactions.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of dietary magnesium in experimental phosphate depletion: bone and soft tissue mineral changes.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on water permeability of the rat nephron.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical and chemical correlations in magnesium-deprivation encephalopathy of young rats.
MAGNESIUM	Synthesis of radicinine analogues. 3. Reaction of magnesium methylcarbonate on 4-hydroxy-6-methyl-2H-pyran-2-one
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ion on brain mitochondrial respiration. II. Effect of magnesium ion on uncoupled mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of thiamine on growth, tissue magnesium-, thiamine levels and transketolase activity in magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Nephrocalcinosis in the white rat. II. The relationship between dietary magnesium, calcium and phosphorus content and kidney calcification and bone magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Normal urine concentrating ability in magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	The relationship between the magnesium concentration in the dialysis fluid used and in the plasma and erythrocytes of patients with chronic renal failure being treated by regular haemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Problems in quality control in determinations of serum total iron-binding capacity by the magnesium carbonate method.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the cardiovascular system
MAGNESIUM	Effect of extracellular calcium (Ca ++ ) and magnesium (Mg ++ ) upon mechanic and electric activities of skeletal striated fiber in invertebrates
MAGNESIUM	Various physical and chemical examinations on the formation and solubility of kidney calculi (with reference to calcium and magnesium containing concrements oxalate-phosphate)
MAGNESIUM	Mobility and transport of magnesium in squid giant axons.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions and of temperature on the function of the isolated ventricle in Crassostrea angulata, a lamellibranch mollusc
MAGNESIUM	2.3-Diphosphoglycerate: acid dissociation and complex formation with magnesium, potassium, and sodium. Determination of acidity and stability constants by pH titration.
MAGNESIUM	Trace nutrients. 3 Magnesium, copper, zinc, vitamin B6, vitamin B12 and folic acid in the British household food supply.
MAGNESIUM	Nail magnesium and calcium in chronic uraemia.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of brain hexokinase by magnesium ions and by magnesium ion--adenosine triphosphate complex.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of experimental magnesium deficiency on enzymes of the rat myocardium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium content in well water and its correlation with the incidence of neoplasms
MAGNESIUM	Study of bone mineralisation at the microscopic level using electron probe microanalyser. Sodium and magnesium distribution in normal bone.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulphate poisoning.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium in human male reproductive tract.
MAGNESIUM	Decrease in transfusion reactions by the use of magnesium thiosulfate
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirement for survival and growth of Japanese quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica).
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of serum magnesium in pregnant women and neonates
MAGNESIUM	Distribution of magnesium in body fluids.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium status in chronic uraemic patients.
MAGNESIUM	Use of a magnesium medium for isolating salmonellae from the water of open reservoirs, liquid sewage and food products
MAGNESIUM	Urinary calcium, calcium-creatinine ratio and magnesium in normal individuals.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus and magnesium metabolism in cows under various dietary conditions with special reference to clinical effects of the deficiency of these elements
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of hydroxyproline, calcium, phosphorus and magnesium in chronic hepatitis
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium ions, as a function of pH, on hydrolysis of phenyl acetate by erythrocyte esterases
MAGNESIUM	Different behavior of magnesium, calcium, potassium and sodium in the serum, myocardial and skeletal muscle in hereditary cardiomyopathy
MAGNESIUM	Cardiac effects of magnesium with special reference to anaesthesia: a review.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of gastric juice neutralization using magnesium hydroxide on gastrin concentration in patients with duodenal ulcer
MAGNESIUM	Para-cervical block in obstetrics. Preliminary studies on bupivacaine and the use of magnesium sulfate in the control of fetal bradycardia
MAGNESIUM	Some indices of calcium and magnesium metabolism in hemorrhagic fever accompanied by renal syndrome
MAGNESIUM	Investigations into the magnesium supply of cattle herds in Hungary.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of vitamin D on serum magnesium concentration in intermittently haemodialyzed patients.
MAGNESIUM	Control of pyrimidine biosynthesis in mammalian tissues. IV. Requirements of a quantitative assay of glutamine-dependent carbamyl phosphate synthetase and effect of magnesium ion as an essential activator.
MAGNESIUM	Alteration of electrolytes in thyroid diseases. 2. Determination of magnesium in human serum
MAGNESIUM	Clinical and electrocardiographic changes disorders of the magnesium and potassium content in children with acute and chronic renal insufficiency
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium medication in pediatric practice
MAGNESIUM	Serum levels of copper, iron, magnesium, calcium and zinc in women with a normal menstrual cycle, under treatment with oral hormonal contraceptives and in pregnancy
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium orotates and orotic acid on the learning process in rats
MAGNESIUM	The value of magnesium sulfate in intensive care of severe toxemias of pregnancy (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Embryotoxic effects produced by magnesium deficiency in rats.
MAGNESIUM	The blocking effect of magnesium on the secretion of adrenal catecholamines induced by the omission of sodium from the extracellular medium.
MAGNESIUM	Myocardial loss of functional magnesium. II. In cardiomyopathies of diverse etiology.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of endogenous parathyroid hormone on calcium, magnesium and phosphate metabolism in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium metabolism following head injury.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of varying concentrations of calcium and magnesium upon calcium oxalate solubility.
MAGNESIUM	Urine polyelectrolytes: binding of phosphate, calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in body fluids of mentally defective children.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level in chronic alcoholics
MAGNESIUM	Aggregation of chlorophylls in vitro. Role of the magnesium atom and of the phytyl chain in the chlorophyll a molecule.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in tissue magnesium, calcium and phosphorus levels in magnesium-deficient rats in relation to thiamin excess or deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The hemolytic anemia of magnesium deficiency in adult rats.
MAGNESIUM	Neonatal convulsions associated with primary disturbance of calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	The content of calcium, magnesium, copper, iron, sodium, and potassium in amniotic fluid from eleven to nineteen weeks' gestation.
MAGNESIUM	Application of oxine in the polarographic analysis of organometallic compounds. Microdetermination of cadmium, magnesium, zinc, manganese, and cobalt.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency on reproduction in the white rat.
MAGNESIUM	Uptake of calcium and magnesium by rat duodenal mucosa analysed by means of competing metals.
MAGNESIUM	Erythrocyte survival in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	The alanine ester content and magnesium binding capacity of walls of Staphylococcus aureus H grown at different pH values.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on calcification of young bone in tissue culture.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between plasma and erythrocyte magnesium and potassium concentrations in fasting obese subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Experience in the detection of Salmonella in the external environment using a magnesium-enriched medium
MAGNESIUM	Myokinase equilibrium. An enzymatic method for the determination of stability constants of magnesium complexes with adenosine triphosphate, adenosine diphosphate, and adenosine monophosphate in media of high ionic strength.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of external calcium and magnesium on thrombin-induced changes in calcium and magnesium of pig platelets.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in the laying fowl.
MAGNESIUM	Content of calcium, anorganic phosphate, and magnesium in the blood serum of ewes
MAGNESIUM	Interference from citrate using Mann's dye method for magnesium determination.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of magnesium in chronic hypercapnia
MAGNESIUM	Importance of magnesium metabolism in pediatrics. 1. Function of magnesium, physiology of Mg-metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphorus levels in the serum of the common vole in relation to habitat, sex and physiological condition.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic responses of adolescent boys to two levels of dietary magnesium and protein. I. Magnesium and nitrogen retention.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic responses of adolescent boys to two levels of dietary magnesium and protein. II. Effect of magnesium and and protein level on calcium balance.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of dialysate magnesium on plasma and erythrocyte magnesium and potassium concentrations during maintenance haemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: electroencephalographic and behavioral effects in cats.
MAGNESIUM	Significance of magnesium metabolism in pediatrics. 2. Clinical aspects of Mg metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Experimental studies on hypomagnesemia of ruminants. II. Magnesium and calcium metabolism in young and old ewes fed low-magnesium diets
MAGNESIUM	Bone magnesium, calcium and strontium concentrations in range cattle.
MAGNESIUM	Nutritional interrelationships of dietary calcium, phosphorus and magnesium in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium concentration in full blood, plasma and erythrocytes in women in the course of normal gestation
MAGNESIUM	Spectrophotometric determination of magnesium in biological fluids with xylidyl blue II.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of dietary fluoride and magnesium in guinea pigs.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption and secretion along the gastrointestinal tract of the chicken.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium magnesium asparate in the treatment of myocardial infarct. Clinical experiences
MAGNESIUM	Complexometric determination of erythrocyte magnesium. Normal and pathological values
MAGNESIUM	Influence of calcium and magnesium on respiration of isolated parathyroid cells from the rat.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of gastrin on the fecal and urinary excretion of water, calcium, magnesium, and inorganic phosphorus in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Parenteral magnesium load tests in postpartum Thai women.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium determination in biological material. Comparison of a new atomic absorption method with MacIntyre's emission flame photometric method
MAGNESIUM	A simplified method to determine ultrafiltrable plasma magnesium. Normal values and preliminary results in hyper- and hypothyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of age and dietary magnesium on voluntary feed intake and plasma magnesium in ruminants.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, potassium, and sodium in "red" and "white" muscle in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Tubular secretion of magnesium in old people.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium contents of mammalian erythrocyte membranes.
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of blood and urinary magnesium in digitalis-induced arrhythmia. Therapeutic role of magnesium sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium supplementation in Bartter's syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Dietary magnesium, calcium homeostasis, and parathyroid gland activity of chickens.
MAGNESIUM	High precision high-speed analysis for calcium and magnesium in serum and urine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium interference in the determination of sodium in biological material by neutron activation analysis.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of oral magnesium sulphate on colonic motility.
MAGNESIUM	Partial escape of magnesium from the renal action of parathyroid hormone in hyperparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium and magnesium ions on the secondary structure of calcium binding component of troponin.
MAGNESIUM	Automated microdetermination of calcium, magnesium and lithium by atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium, diagnosis, ECT and season.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-calcium ratios in calcified and non-calcified cataractous lenses: a preliminary report.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium and calcium ions on the force produced in rigor muscle.
MAGNESIUM	The concentrations of free and bound magnesium in rat tissues. Relative constancy of free Mg 2+  concentrations.
MAGNESIUM	Interrelationships of potassium, nitrogen, and magnesium in ruminants.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium fall in radiation-induced gastrointestinal symptomatology.
MAGNESIUM	"pH stat" titration method for the determination of the thermodynamic quantities associated with the formation of ATP-magnesium complexes.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of aluminium- and magnesium hydroxide (Alucol) on cortisone absorption
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in meningitis.
MAGNESIUM	Biological macromolecules labelling with covalent complexes of magnesium analogs. I. The cobaltic Co 3 ion.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, and alkaline phosphatase levels in normal British schoolchildren.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in open-heart surgery.
MAGNESIUM	A magnesium-deficient patient presenting with hypocalcemia and hyperphosphatemia.
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium ions in beta-galactosidase hydrolyses. Studies on charge and shape of the beta-galactopyranosyl binding site.
MAGNESIUM	Factors affecting the release of lactate dehydrogenase from isolated rat heart after calcium and magnesium free perfusions.
MAGNESIUM	Migraine therapy with magnesium glutamate
MAGNESIUM	Thymic changes in the magnesium-depleted rat.
MAGNESIUM	Does magnesium-orotate improve the effect of lipid lowering drugs?
MAGNESIUM	Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria. Alternate-complement-pathway-mediated lysis induced by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Disposition of lithium and magnesium following intravenous administration to pregnant animals.
MAGNESIUM	Color reaction of diphenylcarbazide with magnesium salts
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium concentration in sweat of normal children and patients with cystic fibrosis.
MAGNESIUM	An effect of magnesium adenosine 5'-triphosphate on the structure of azoferredoxin from Clostridium pasteurianum.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium on hemostatic system
MAGNESIUM	Study of serum magnesium in dystrophy in infants
MAGNESIUM	Conditions of structural and functional destabilization of mammalian ribosomes by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Subunit interactions of rabbit muscle aldolase. Dissociation of aldolase in 1.2 M magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of feeding different magnesium levels to drylot-fed gestating beef cows.
MAGNESIUM	Interrelations of plasma calcium, inorganic phosphate, magnesium, and protein over the first week of life.
MAGNESIUM	On the magnesium content in sea urchin eggs and its changes accompanying fertilization.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium during jaundice in the newborn infant
MAGNESIUM	Dehydration of magnesium oxide and dried aluminium hydroxide gel in the Japanese pharmacopoeia
MAGNESIUM	Potassium and magnesium metabolism during extracorporeal circulation
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium content of cow's milk
MAGNESIUM	Comparative animal experiments on the resorption of magnesium as sulfate, chloride, aspartate and aspartate-hydrochloride from the gastrointestinal tract
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate enema in a newborn. Fatal systemic magnesium absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium toxicity.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of extracellular calcium and magnesium on the proliferation of murine lymphoblasts.
MAGNESIUM	Dissolution and growth of calcium oxalate monohydrate. I. Effect of magnesium and pH.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of ruthenium red on oxidative phosphorylation and the calcium and magnesium content of skeletal muscle mitochondria of normal and BIO 14.6 dystrophic hamsters.
MAGNESIUM	Eccrine sweat gland function in chronic alcoholics. II. The magnesium and calcium loss in sweat and urine during heat exposure (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on cardiac and skeletal muscle potassium during dietary potassium restriction.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of theobromine magnesium oleate on formation of experimental atheroma.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Effect of lithium on magnesium-dependent enzymes.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of fiber from fruits and vegetables on metabolic responses of human subjects, II. Calcium, magnesium, iron, and silicon balances.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary fiber on copper, zinc, and magnesium utilization by adolescent boys.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the pathomorphology of cataract induced by experimental potassium and magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Blood serum studies in cattle lying down in the early puerperal period. 1. Studies on serum calcium, anorganic phosphorus, and magnesium levels in lying down cattle
MAGNESIUM	Electronic structure of porphyrins. All valence electron self-consistent field molecular orbital calculations of free base, magnesium, and aquomagnesium porphines.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on calcium-induced responses of atrial and vascular muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium and phosphorus metabolism in ponies fed varying levels of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions of divalent metal ions with inorganic and nucleoside phosphates. III. Temperature dependence of the magnesium (II)--adenosine 5'-triphosphate, -adenosine 5'-diphosphate, and -cytidine 5'-diphosphate systems.
MAGNESIUM	Microcalorimetric studies on the formation of magnesium complexes with 5 riboinucleotides of guanine, uracil, and hypoxanthine.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic studies of low protein diets in uremia. II. Calcium, phosphorus and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Extra- and intracellular magnesium in hyperparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium intake in the pre-ruminant lamb on body magnesium and liver copper levels.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of bendroflumethiazide on the renal handling of calcium, magnesium and phosphate in normocalcaemic renal stone formers and in hyperparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium balance studies in homozygous thalassaemia.
MAGNESIUM	Editorial: Disorders of magnesium metabolism in infancy.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on mechanisms of hypocalcemia of magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Digitalis and electrolytes. Mechanism of action of potassium-magnesium aspartate
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in the newborn period
MAGNESIUM	Cisplatin and renal magnesium wasting.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of phosphate and magnesium infusions on skeletal turnover and renal content of calcium, phosphorus and magnesium in rats.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of calcium and magnesium on glucagon secretion.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of 1.25 dihydroxycholecalciferol on calcium phosphorus and magnesium balance in preterm infants.
MAGNESIUM	Cytokinins and magnesium ions may control the flow of metabolites and calcium ions through fungal cell membranes.
MAGNESIUM	Investigation of magnesium balance in surgical patients (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Determination of magnesium content in the serum
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in paediatric surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ion (Mg2+) and magnesium adenosinetriphosphate ion (MgATP2-) on pigeon kidney pyruvate carboxylase.
MAGNESIUM	Changes of potassium, sodium, calcium and magnesium levels in patients with various forms of jaundice
MAGNESIUM	The importance of calcium and magnesium ions in serum and cerebrospinal fluid during cardiopulmonary bypass.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium chloride on heart rhythm of rabbits with experimental potassium and magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of vitamin B6, citric and oxalic acids, calcium and magnesium in nephrolithiasis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in schizophrenia.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium gluconate as a standard for the determination of serum magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Urinary excretion of oxalate, calcium, magnesium, and uric acid in inflammatory bowel disease and relationship to urolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Renal handling of calcium, magnesium, inorganic phosphate and hydrogen ions during prolonged exposure to elevated carbon dioxide concentrations.
MAGNESIUM	Excretion of hydroxyproline, calcium, phosphorus and magnesium in the urine during chronic hepatitis. Some remarks on the publication of Hesch R Braun JS, Banzer D in: Acta Hepato-Gastroenterol. 19 (1972) 224.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on responses of aortas from normal and reserpine-treated rabbits.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium pemoline on the habituation of an innate fear response in Carassius auratus.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: The role of magnesium and calcium in the pharmacology of lithium.
MAGNESIUM	Histochemistry and ultrastructure of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of the lens in experimental cataract during alimentary deficiency of potassium and magnesium in rabbits.
MAGNESIUM	In vitro effects of magnesium ions on mutant cells from patients with the Lesch-Nyhan syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Differences in blood magnesium levels between normal individuals and patients with typhoid
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium (physiology, clinical therapy)
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic disorders in sheep and cattle, caused by the presence of magnesium oxide in concentrates (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Magnesium deficiency in kwashiorkor.
MAGNESIUM	Whole blood, serum and erythrocyte magnesium concentrations after repeated heavy exercise of long duration.
MAGNESIUM	Difference between G-6-PD B and Mahidol: differential stimulation by magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Inactivation of hormone-sensitive lipase from adipose tissue with adenosine triphosphate, magnesium, and ascorbic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Parenteral magnesium load evaluation of malnourished Thai children.
MAGNESIUM	Relationships between the fluoride and magnesium concentrations in drinking water and some components in serum related to cardiovascular diseases in men from four rural districts in Finland.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of whole body magnesium by in vivo neutron activation.
MAGNESIUM	Change in the blood and urine content of calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphorus in hypertension during treatment with hypothiazide and magnesium sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Multi-electrolyte disorders in dietary potassium and magnesium deficiency in rabbits
MAGNESIUM	Practical problems in atomic absorption spectrophotometry for calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ammonium phosphate monohydrate--a hitherto undetected constituent of urinary calculi.
MAGNESIUM	Vitamin D and magnesium absorption in man.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of haemoglobin with ions. Interactions among magnesium, adenosine 5'-triphosphate, 2,3-bisphosphoglycerate, and oxygenated and deoxygenated human haemoglobin under simulated intracellular conditions.
MAGNESIUM	Diagnostic value of serum magnesium determination in patients with chronic liver diseases
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Effects of calcium, magnesium and dipyridamole on platelet aggregation
MAGNESIUM	Fluorometric determination of urinary phosphate with 3-hydroxy-3',4'-dimethoxyflavone-magnesium system.
MAGNESIUM	67Ga-citrate accumulation by tumors: importance of magnesium and calcium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of drinking Arava water on magnesium and calcium levels in blood and urine
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium chloride and magnesium chloride on electrocardiographic and morphological changes in ischemic necrosis of the myocardium
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between proximal sodium reabsorption and excretion of calcium, magnesium and phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	A study of the interactions among adenosine triphosphate, epinephrine, and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary magnesium content on bone growth in relation to secretion of calcitonin in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Study of serum magnesium in dystrophy in infants
MAGNESIUM	Level of calcium and magnesium in the blood serum of patients with arteriosclerosis
MAGNESIUM	Effects of thiamine on lipid metabolism in magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of oral magnesium sulphate on colonic motility in patients with the irritable bowel syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Intestinal absorption of magnesium in man.
MAGNESIUM	Content of manganese and magnesium in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid in patients with brain tumors in the pre- and postoperative period
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium intoxication: an uncommon cause of prolonged curarization.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma magnesium in chronic schizophrenia. A preliminary report.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of the quantity and nature of alimentary intake of magnesium on the metabolism of phosphorus, calcium and magnesium in the growing rat
MAGNESIUM	Content of copper, magnesium and aluminum in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid in healthy persons and patients with brain tumors of different degree of maturity
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium content of liver mitochondria in normal and regenerated liver of the rat
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium content in the soluble and microsomal fraction of the liver of a normal and partially hepatectomized rat
MAGNESIUM	The effect of papaverine, euphyllin and magnesium sulfate general and regional hemodynamics
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium excretion in experimental hyperthyreosis
MAGNESIUM	Acid dissociation and complex formation of glycolytic metabolites with magnesium, potassium and sodium. Determination of acidity and stability constants by pH titration.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency states in Nigerian children.
MAGNESIUM	An estimation of magnesium and calcium in serum and C.S.F. in schizophrenia.
MAGNESIUM	Molecular orbital calculations of magnesium complexes with ATP and ADP.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium-magnesium aspartate on endurance work in man.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in humans and its pathological implications
MAGNESIUM	Serum ionized calcium in the sheep: relation to total plasma calcium, blood pH, total plasma proteins and plasma magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium--interpretation of the test results
MAGNESIUM	Binding of magnesium and calcium ions to the phosphoglycoprotein phosvitin.
MAGNESIUM	A clinical review of magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Micropuncture study of water and electrolyte movements along the loop of Henle in psammomys with special reference to magnesium, calcium and phosphorus.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Role of the divalent ions calcium and magnesium and of the age of the animal in CO2 production by the adipose tissue of the rat.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of 3,7-dimethyl-1-(5-oxo-hexyl)-xanthine (pentoxifylline, BL 191) on serum calcium and magnesium levels.
MAGNESIUM	In vivo distribution of calcium, magnesium, lanthanum and sodium polyphosphates.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic performance and GI function in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of various di- and triphosphate nucleosides and of magnesium on the 5'-mononucleotidase activity of bovine seminal fluid
MAGNESIUM	Studies on erythrocyte magnesium and potassium levels in childhood schizophrenia and growth.
MAGNESIUM	Early effect of calcitonin on the plasma magnesium level in humans
MAGNESIUM	Variations of blood magnesium related to sex and their relation to excitability and fatique
MAGNESIUM	Control of serum magnesium levels in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Lithium effects on magnesium metabolism in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Embryo-toxic effects produced by magnesium deficiency in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Magnesium distribution in the cellular structures of normal and magnesium deficient white rat
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Variability of the magnesium blood level in man and relationship with several physiological characteristics in connection with excitability
MAGNESIUM	Study of magnesium in the cerebrospinal fluid in epileptic patients (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	New research on the relations between blood magnesium levels and the morphology of EEG tracings in man
MAGNESIUM	Letter: The carbonate affair--and the magnesium mystery?
MAGNESIUM	Ultrastructural liver lesions in rats caused by low-magnesium diet.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of low-magnesium diet on the activity of certain enzymes in rat liver.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of trehalose synthesis in the silkmoth Hyalophora cecropia: the role of magnesium in the fat body.
MAGNESIUM	Correlation of serum magnesium levels and cardiac digitalis intoxication.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on unidirectional and net sodium fluxes in microperfused rat proximal tubules.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of adenosine triphosphate-magnesium chloride administration in shock.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in man with special reference to jejunoileal bypass for obesity.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium lauryl sulfate in tableting: effect on ejection force and compressibility.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency. II. Isoenzymes of serum alkaline phosphatase in acute magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in the hyperammonemic rat.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Magnesium therapy in cancer
MAGNESIUM	Interference from citrate using the Titan yellow method and two fluorometric methods for magnesium determination in plasma.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium in duodenal juice: secretion pattern in chronic pancreatitis and in primary hyperparathyroidism (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Hypocalcemia in magnesium-depleted dogs: evidence for reduced responsiveness to parathyroid hormone and relative failure of parathyroid gland function.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical-chemical correlations in the encephalopathy of magnesium deficiency. Effect of reversal of magnesium deficits.
MAGNESIUM	Relations between oxalic acid, calcium, magnesium and creatinine excretion in normal men and male patients with calcium oxalate kidney stones.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency on serum proteins and hepatic free amino pattern.
MAGNESIUM	Serum immunoglobulin G in the magnesium-depleted rat.
MAGNESIUM	The relative influence of calcium, strontium and magnesium on calcitonin secretion in the pig.
MAGNESIUM	Parathyroid response to hypocalcemia in magnesium deficient rat.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of dialysate magnesium concentration on serum PTH-levels in patients on maintenance haemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium ions on helix-coil transition of DNA determined by modified differential scanning calorimeter.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: On the role of magnesium depletion in severely malnourished children.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of magnesium deficiency in the rat and mouse.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and several metabolic osteopathies
MAGNESIUM	Renal magnesium excretion in patients with chronic renal failure
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium excretion in patients on regular haemodialysis and vitamin D treatment.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcitonin and parathormone on plasma magnesium levels before and after birth in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Dissolution of lithium and magnesium from lithium carbonate capsules containing magnesium stearate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in extracorporeal circulation. Experimental study
MAGNESIUM	Ion-electrode study of magnesium(II)-ATP and manganese(II)-ATP association.
MAGNESIUM	Mandelate racemase from Pseudomonas putida. Affinity labeling of the enzyme by D,L-alpha-phenylglycidate in the presence of magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	Recurrent venous thrombosis and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Non-functioning gastrointestinal anastomosis from magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The mineral composition of apples. XI. An extraction technique suitable for the rapid determination of calcium, but not potassium and magnesium, in the fruit.
MAGNESIUM	Seizing by magnesium-deprived Mongolian gerbils given open field tests.
MAGNESIUM	Activation and stabilization of halophilic enzymes by magnesium and calcium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Lability of skeletal muscle magnesium in vivo. A study in red and white muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of thiamine on serotonin oxidation in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	The use of spectroscopic methods in pharmaceutical analysis. 4. Determination of bismuth, aluminum, magnesium, calcium, titanium and silicon in antacids using atomic absorption spectrophotometry
MAGNESIUM	The long-term effect of bendroflumethiazide on renal calcium and magnesium excretion and stone formation in patients with recurring renal stones.
MAGNESIUM	Fibrogenic and general toxic action of magnesium dust
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the csf of alcoholics and meningitis patients
MAGNESIUM	The long-term effect of various hormonal contraceptives on the excretion of sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, chloride, phosphorus, uric acid, oxalic acid, citric acid, sulfate and lysozyme in the 24 hour urine
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium excretion in patients with urinary lithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Value of treatment with glucose, insulin, potassium and magnesium in acute myocardial infarct
MAGNESIUM	Effects on muscle electrolytes of potassium and magnesium infusions, spironolactone medication and operation in a case of primary aldosteronism.
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation of body magnesium stores.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Effect of magnesium on secondary hyperparathyroidism in chronic hemodialysis: a case with soft tissue calcification improved by high Mg dialysate.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: The pathogenesis of hypocalcemia in magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma 1,25-(OH)2-vitamin D concentrations and net intestinal calcium, phosphate, and magnesium absorption in humans.
MAGNESIUM	Binding of calcium and magnesium ions to human erythrocyte membranes.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium ion and oxytocin inhibitors on the uterotonic activity of oxytocin and prostaglandins E2 and F2ALPHA.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in delirium tremens.
MAGNESIUM	Causes of variation of copper, iron, managanese, zinc and magnesium levels in bovine livers. 2. The dispersion of trace metals in bovine livers and the effects of formalinized storage on mineral concentrations and moisture content.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in magnesium concentration of the vitreous humour of exenterated human eyeballs immersed in sea water.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of endogenous parathyroid hormone on calcium, magnesium and phosphate metabolism in rats. II. Alterations in dietary phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Hypercalcemia and malignant disease in the elderly: magnesium sulphate therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption by the rat ileum and colon.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium effects on ionic exchange and mechanical function in rat ventricle.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium loading in potassium-adapted rats.
MAGNESIUM	Red blood cell calcium and magnesium: effects upon sodium and potassium transport and cellular morphology.
MAGNESIUM	Renacidin irrigation of the ileal conduit: a study of systemic magnesium absorption.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of vitamin and magnesium limitations on fatty-acid fingerprints of chemostat grown Streptococcus sp. SS.
MAGNESIUM	The role of membrane-bound magnesium in the permeability of ghosts to K+.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Magnesium in Lesch-Nyhan syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in therapeutics
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of magnesium in central nervous system. Relationship between concentrations of magnesium in cerebrospinal fluid and brain in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium precipitation of ribonucleoprotein complexes. Expedient techniques for the isolation of undergraded polysomes and messenger ribonucleic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium metabolism in newborn infants. The interrelationship of parathyroid function and calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus metabolism in normal, "sick," and hypocalcemic newborns.
MAGNESIUM	Reaction of N-(2-halogenoethyl)arylamines with magnesium metal (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	The effect of calcium and magnesium on the ultraviolet spectrum of bovine pancreatic deoxyribonuclease A.
MAGNESIUM	A review of magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Epileptic-type convulsions and magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of biopolymers and magnesium on the mikamycins inhibition of polyphenylalanine synthesis and the synergistic action of mikamycins A and B.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium and pyridoxine on formation of calcium oxalate sones in man.
MAGNESIUM	Significance of magnesium and zinc metabolism in the surgical patient. I. Magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Significance of magnesium and zinc metabolism in the surgical patient. II. Zinc.
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of spasmophilia of the adult by magnesium lactate
MAGNESIUM	The differential effect of magnesium deficiency on isoenzymes of alkaline phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.1) in rat tissues.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical evaluation of the analgesic effect of magnesium salicylate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of intravenous infusion of magnesium sulfate on triglyceride lipolysis at the height of alimentary lipemia in patients with arteriosclerosis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Competitive binding of streptomycin and magnesium with Escherichia coli ribosomes.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of cystamine and magnesium ions on the induction of moderate lambda phage by x-rays
MAGNESIUM	Actions of calcium and magnesium on the rate of onset of botulinum toxin paralysis of the rat diaphragm.
MAGNESIUM	Present konwledge of calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in patho-physiology and its estimation n blood.
MAGNESIUM	Retention by sheep magnesium, phosphorus and fluorine from magnesium and calcium phosphates.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium toxicity in the newborn.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in nutrition. Review
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Lithium and magnesium-dependent enzymes.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Some aspects of the interrlationship of magnesium and potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism and therapy
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in medical clinic
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium reversal of proflavine inhibition of bacteriophage T2H.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in mental illness.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical studies on the therapeutic effect of potassium-magnesium aspartate in coronary disease
MAGNESIUM	Chronic magnesium deficiency in the rat. Studies of chronic myelogenous leukemia.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and thiamine deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Mechanism of the anti-arrhythmia action of potassium and magnesium nicotinates
MAGNESIUM	Serum cholesterol and magnesium in severe cirrhotics.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate as circulation time indicator. Comparison with objective indicator radioactive iodine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the kidney
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the plasma membrane of Escherichia coli during magnesium starvation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-magnesium antagonism in insulin secretion by the perfused rat pancreas.
MAGNESIUM	Application of a spectrographic method to analysis of magnesium and copper in urine in man
MAGNESIUM	Active transport of magnesium in escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	The significance of the serum levels of vitamin B-1 and magnesium in delirium tremens and alcoholism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium ion binding to bovine prothrombin fragment 1. A circular dichroism, fluorescence, and 43Ca2+ and 25Mg2+ nuclear magnetic resonance study.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Lithium and magnesium-dependent processes.
MAGNESIUM	Continuous infusion indicator dilution measurement of limb blood flow and vascular response to magnesium sulfate in normotensive and hypotensive men.
MAGNESIUM	Development of methods for the determination of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	28-Mg studies in magnesium-deficient animals.
MAGNESIUM	Endocrine control of calcium and magnesium metabolism in ruminants.
MAGNESIUM	Interrelationship between magnesium and polyamines in a pseudomonad lacking spermidine.
MAGNESIUM	Nonparallel isometric tension response of rabbit soleus skinned muscle fibers to magnesium adenosine triphosphate and magnesium inosine triphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	The absorbability by rats of various triglycerides of stearic and oleic acid and the effect of dietary calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Intracytoplasmic membranes in E. coli following magnesium or phosphate deficiency
MAGNESIUM	The role of calcium and magnesium in insulin secretion from rabbit pancreas studied in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of potassium, sodium, calcium, perfusion pressure, and isoprenaline on renin release induced by high concentrations of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Nature of magnesium-induced miscoding.
MAGNESIUM	The relation between maximum shortening velocity and the magnesium adenosine triphosphate concentration in frog skinned muscle fibres proceedings
MAGNESIUM	The use of magnesium sulfate in preeclampsia-eclampsia.
MAGNESIUM	Ribosome degradation and the degradation products in starved Escherichia coli. II. Changes in base sequence of ribosomal RNA during degradation induced by phosphate and magnesium starvation.
MAGNESIUM	Loss of ribosomal protein in E. coli during magnesium starvation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and distribution of blood in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Renal defect in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium absorption in the germfree rat.
MAGNESIUM	Autotransplantation of skin tissue. Study of magnesium, calcium, phosphorus and copper
MAGNESIUM	Parathyroid mediation of magnesium-calcium interrelationships.
MAGNESIUM	Preservation of lung with magnesium in normothermia
MAGNESIUM	Fate of ribosomal proteins after the degradation of ribosomal RNA's within the magnesium-starved cells of Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of the magnesium concentration in blood on the phagocytic activity of blood phagocytes
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of ribonucleic acid synthesis by histidine and methionine during recovery of Escherichia coli from magnesium starvation.
MAGNESIUM	Weakness from magnesium-containing cathartics: electrophysiologic studies.
MAGNESIUM	The relationship between hematocrit and erythrocyte magnesium concentration in patients on regular hemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium--how to read its figures
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport in Escherichia coli. Inhibition by cobaltous ion.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in the binding of tetracycline to Escherichia coli ribosomes.
MAGNESIUM	Studies of the vegetative action mechanism of kavain and magnesium orotate
MAGNESIUM	Studies of the vegetative action mechanism of kavain and magnesium orotate
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for tighter binding of magnesium-thiamine pyrophosphate to  -ketoglutarate dehydrogenase when activated by adenosine monophosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary magnesium on voluntary feed intake and rumen fermentations.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of 2-mercaptobenzimidazole on urinary excretion of lead, copper, zinc, manganese and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Influence of experimental fascioliasis on magnesium metabolism, feed digestibility and body weight development in sheep
MAGNESIUM	Induction of protoplasts of Schizosaccharomyces octosporus by magnesium sulfate and 2-deoxy-D-glucose.
MAGNESIUM	Excretion of bivalent cations (Ca and Mg) in children with nephrotic syndrome. I. Regulation of renal calcium and magnesium excretion
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion dependence of free and polysomal ribosomes from Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-induced conformational change in transfer ribonucleic acid as measured by circular dichroism.
MAGNESIUM	Differential effect of alterations in the calcium and magnesium concentrations on the responses to sympathomimetic amines of the perfused rat mesentery.
MAGNESIUM	Depressed immune response in the magnesium-deficient rat.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism of sheep fed different levels of potassium and citric acid.
MAGNESIUM	THe dependence of the rate of RNase A catalyzed hydrolysis of ribosomes and rRNA on the concentration of magnesium and ammonium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on protoplast induction in the yeast phase of Histoplasma capsulatum by magnesium sulfate and 2-deoxy-D-glucose.
MAGNESIUM	Mast cell increase in the duodenum and kidney of magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Multifarious magnesium--the need for a balanced outlook.
MAGNESIUM	Induction of protoplasts of Schizo-saccharomyces octosporus by magnesium sulfate and 2-deoxy-D-glucose.
MAGNESIUM	On the mode of action of levallorphan on Escherichia coli: effects on cellular magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Disordered calcium and magnesium homeostasis in chronic renal insufficiency in chronic glomerulonephritis, pyelonephritis and renal amyloidosis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism. A review of the problems related to surgical practice.
MAGNESIUM	Phosphaturia in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Myocardial contractile force in the treatment of ouabain intoxication with disodium EDTA, potassium chloride, and magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Histochemical studies on leucocyte alkaline phosphatase in non-leukaemic granulocytosis: effects of anticoagulants and role of zinc and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Magnesium and myocardial ischaemia.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of acids on the determination of calcium and magnesium by atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, potassium, and phosphorus inter-relationships in Bacillus subtilis var. niger, growing in a chemostat.
MAGNESIUM	Apropos of a case of the "epileptic" form of latent tetany due to a magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-limited growth of Bacillus subtilis, in pure and mixed cultures, in a chemostat.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions and ethylenediamine tetra-acetic acid on the activity of vancomycin against Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium and magnesium levels in schizophrenia. II. Possible relationship to extrapyramidal symptoms.
MAGNESIUM	Ion transport by heart mitochondria. X. The uptake and release of Zn2+ and its relation to the energy-linked accumulation of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the growth of Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	Platelet aggregation by magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of certain trace metals on bacterial growth and magnesium utilization.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical trial of WinGel tablets, an aluminum hydroxide-hexitol-magnesium hydroxide antacid.
MAGNESIUM	Conformational changes in Escherichia coli ribosomes at low magnesium ion concentrations.
MAGNESIUM	Individual fluctuations of blood components in cattle according to the day and time of the day. I. Behavior of the minerals sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, and inorganic phosphorus
MAGNESIUM	Copper, manganese, zinc and magnesium content of the endocrine organs of the horse, ox and pig
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium and the conformation of parvalbumin during muscular activity.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for a magnesium pump induced by bacteriophage T4.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium on the enzyme activity of the heart muscle in experimental cardiopathy
MAGNESIUM	Effects of hypervitaminosis D on the level of magnesium in the heart, kidney, and skeletal muscle of rats. Incidence of thyroxine surcharge and radiothyroidectomy
MAGNESIUM	Effect of experimental hypocalcaemia on magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium excretion during amiloride administration in saline-loaded rats proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Effects of adenosine triphosphate and magnesium ions on the fumarase reaction.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of environment on the synthesis of magnesium-binding sites in Bacillus subtilis var. niger cell walls.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of the magnesium concentration in the extracting medium on the polyribosome content and the cell-free amino acid incorporating ability of extracts of logarithmic phase cells of a Bacillus sp.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on the properties of the excitable membrane of striated frog muscle fiber
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion-dependent dissociation of polysomes and free 70 s ribosomes in Bacillus megaterium.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium plasma levels and their urinary excretion in infants with neurological orders
MAGNESIUM	Effects of phytic acid and ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA) on the chick's requirement for magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Control of excitation transfer in photosynthesis. II. Magnesium ion-dependent distribution of excitation energy between two pigment systems in spinach chloroplasts.
MAGNESIUM	Lysis inhibition of phi-X174-, M12-, and Q-beta-infected Escherichia coli bacteria by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium ion deprivation on the synthesis of mucopeptide and its precursors in Bacillus subtilis.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of phytic acid and ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA) on the chick's requirements for magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of bentonite, magnesium, and polyamines on degradation and aggregation of tobacco mosaic virus.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium sensitivity of the carotid baroreceptor reflex in cats.
MAGNESIUM	Imbalancing of hemic calcium, magnesium, potassium, and sodium by rations and by perenteral injections of ethylenediaminetetraacetate dipotassium salt, potassium chloride, and aldosterone inhibitor. Comparison of cattle held at 2,745 and at 1,372 meters elevation.
MAGNESIUM	Case histories of rheumatoid arthritis treated with sodium or magnesium EDTA.
MAGNESIUM	Use of ion-exchange resin in preparing erythrocytes for magnesium determinations.
MAGNESIUM	Thermoprotective activity of molar solution of magnesium sulfate on thermic inactivation of Mycoplasma mycoides in liquid phase
MAGNESIUM	Potentiometric determinations of calcium, magnesium, and complexing agents in water and biological fluids.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the lipolytic activity of arterial wall in albino rats. II. Effect of magnesium gluconate.
MAGNESIUM	Complexometric titration. II. Optimalization of titration prescriptions for magnesium
MAGNESIUM	pH dependence of the effect of adenosine triphosphate and ethylenediaminetetraacetate on sodium and magnesium binding by cellular membrane fragments.
MAGNESIUM	Intraocular fluid dynamics. I. Steady-state concentration gradients of magnesium, potassium and calcium in relation to the sites and mechanisms of ocular cation transport processes.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium gluconate on experimental atherosclerosis in pigeons, and on the content of sulfhydryl and disulfide groups in aorta and liver.
MAGNESIUM	Chelatometric determination of magnesium in urine
MAGNESIUM	Effect of ionic calcium and magnesium on human platelet aggregation.
MAGNESIUM	Physiopathology caused by magnesium in the surgical patient. IV. Clinical studies in the immediate postoperative period
MAGNESIUM	The relation of serum parathyroid hormone to serum calcium and magnesium levels.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of oral magnesium oxide on renal calcium excretion.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency on ribosomal structure and function in certain Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.
MAGNESIUM	Interrelationships between the utilization of magnesium and the uptake of other bivalent cations by bacteria.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for a magnesium pump in Bacillus cereus T.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism and toxicity of therapeutic chelating agents. 8. Excretion of sodium, potassium, magnesium and zinc
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of nucleic acids. 8. Binding of magnesium ions by nucleic acids.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium-deficient diet on the thyroid C cells and parathyroid gland of the dog.
MAGNESIUM	Intravascular concentrations of calcium and magnesium ions and edema formation in isolated lungs.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions and serum activation of uridine uptake by quiescent hamster fibroblasts.
MAGNESIUM	Relaxation of glycerinated muscle fibers and clearing response of myosin B in magnesium-inosine triphosphate medium.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of growth-limiting substrate and medium NaCl concentration on the synthesis of magnesium-binding sites in the walls of Bacillus subtilis var. niger.
MAGNESIUM	Rabbit platelet injury by soluble antigen and antibody. 3. Effects of the sodium and magnesium salts of EDTA and EGTA.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium ions enhance barotolerance of Streptococci.
MAGNESIUM	Elimination of magnesium ions as an absolute requirement for the native conformation of tryptophan transfer ribonucleic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium, sodium and magnesium content of plasma-free erythrocyte sediment and of average individual erythrocytes determined by means of a  51 CR-EDTA isotope dilution method
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and enzyme profiles in isoprenaline-induced experimental myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium-magnesium-aspartate therapy in operated cancer patients
MAGNESIUM	Effect of the concentrations of magnesium and calcium on the in-vitro susceptibility of Pseudomonas aeruginosa to gentamicin.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of adrenal demedullation on magnesium metabolism during deficiency of this element in the rat
MAGNESIUM	Intramitochondrial distribution of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Antibacterial activity of long chain fatty acids and the reversal with calcium, magnesium, ergocalciferol and cholesterol.
MAGNESIUM	Long term effects of the cure of Vittel calcium sulfate and magnesium diuresis in the course of lithiasis in multi-operated patients
MAGNESIUM	Materials for hygienic assessment of salt composition in drinking water. Communication 6. Effect of consumption of magnesium salts with drinking water on ossification processes in growing animals.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium deficiency on lipid metabolism in rats
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic acidosis reversed by the combination of magnesium hydroxide and a cation-exchange resin.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in myocardial function.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in serum and urinary magnesium levels in patients undergoing open heart surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, and growth control in the WI-38 human fibroblast cell.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels of women taking an oral or long-term injectable progestational contraceptive.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium content of leukocyte alkaline phosphatase isoenzymes.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in different trimesters of pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium, potassium, calcium, and magnesium in hair from neonates with cystic fibrosis and in amniotic fluid from mothers of such children.
MAGNESIUM	The antagonistic actions of calcium and magnesium on the superfused ventricle of the snail Helix pomatia.
MAGNESIUM	Electrophysiological effects of magnesium and its interactions with potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary calcium on blood and tissue lipids, tissue phospholipids, calcium and magnesium levels in rabbits fed diets containing beef tallow.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency syndrome
MAGNESIUM	Effect of thiamine on serotonin levels in magnesium-deficient animals.
MAGNESIUM	Uptake of calcium and magnesium by the duodenum of the rat.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of dietary magnesium on the electrocardiogram and ballistocardiogram of albino rats.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of variations in the level of dietary magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemical and pathological studies on magnesium deficiency in the rat. II. Adult animals.
MAGNESIUM	Localized, multiform, sub-periosteal hyperplasia and generalized osteomyelosclerosis in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of chronic bile duct obstruction on renal handling of calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of ACD blood prime on plasma calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on the beta-inhibition of catecholamines in the uterine circular muscle of estrogen-treated rats.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in intracellular distribution of potassium, magnesium and calcium in skeletal muscle as a result of chronic morphinization.
MAGNESIUM	1st international symposium on magnesium deficiency in human pathology
MAGNESIUM	Maternal magnesium deprivation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in myocardial diseases
MAGNESIUM	Serum levels of phosphorus, magnesium, and calcium in women utilizing combination oral or long-acting injectable progestational contraceptives.
MAGNESIUM	Activity and properties of (-)-S-adenosyl-L-methionine: magnesium-protoporphyrin IX methyltransferase in crude homogenates from wheat seedlings.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of a magnesium-deficient diet on the striatal content of amines in the dog.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental studies on the influence of ouabain on ATP, calcium and magnesium in the failing human heart.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium ion (Mg 2+ ) activation of sheep kidney pyruvate carboxylase.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in patients with myocardial insufficiency under treatment with glycosides and furosemide
MAGNESIUM	Serum and erythrocyte magnesium in patients with chronic respiratory system diseases
MAGNESIUM	Serum and erythrocyte magnesium levels in patients with bronchial asthma
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Utilization of dietary magnesium by sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline: effects of a broad range of doses on water maze performance.
MAGNESIUM	Myocardial calcium and magnesium in acute ischemic injury.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of low calcium, strontium and magnesium concentrations on the oxygen consumption of isolated rat hemidiaphragms.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on magnesium contents in food. I. Determination of magnesium in food products by way of the atomic absorption spectrophotometry method
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on serum and urinary ions in rats: studies with ion-selective electrodes.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between prevention of renal calcification by fluoride and fluoride-induced diuresis and reduction of urinary phosphorus excretion in magnesium-deficient KK mice.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in patients undergoing open-heart surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Separation of carotenoid glycosides on magnesium oxide.
MAGNESIUM	Subcellular distribution of potassium, sodium, magnesium, calcium and chloride in cerebral cortex.
MAGNESIUM	Electronmicroscopic studies on the influence of magnesium and calcium chelates upon the capillary permeability in mouse heart muscle
MAGNESIUM	Alterations in hepatic pyrimidine and nucleic acid metabolism in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Incidence of leukemia in children from the Bialystok Province and the content of absorbable magnesium in soil and its acidity
MAGNESIUM	The effect of experimentally induced seizures on the concentration of tissue and blood magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	A sex difference in mean serum magnesium levels in depression.
MAGNESIUM	Increased calcium and magnesium excretion induced by lithium carbonate.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary calcium, magnesium, crystals and stones in paraplegia.
MAGNESIUM	A comparison of magnesium deficiency, cold acclimation and thyroxine administration on mitochondrial fatty acid composition.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium hydroxide as a thin-layer chromatographic adsorbent. 3. Application to separations of vitamin A and related carotenoids.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium exchange in rat ventricle.
MAGNESIUM	Secretion of magnesium, calcium and chlorides in the stomach of patients with nephritis. Results of reinforced histamine test
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in children with cirrhosis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium in exchange transfusion.
MAGNESIUM	Site of absorption of magnesium from the ovine digestive tract.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of increasing potassium intake on absorption of magnesium by sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma magnesium and calcium levels in depressive psychosis.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium in samples with a high content of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium salt solutions in myocardial infarct
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium lauryl sulfate--soluble lubricant.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium, calcium, and magnesium levels in nails of children with cystic fibrosis of the pancreas.
MAGNESIUM	Prevention of thrombosis in microvascular surgery by the use of magnesium sulphate.
MAGNESIUM	Spectrophotometric atomic absorption determination of serum magnesium concentrations in infants and children
MAGNESIUM	The measurement of transplacental magnesium fluxes in the sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium. Phosphorus. Magnesium. Iron and vitamins. Impairment of their absorption in patients with small intestine resection
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for parathyroid failure in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium stearate and polytetrafluoroethylene as lubricants in direct compression of acetylsalicylic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium and calcium ions on post-tetanic increase in the frequency of miniature end-plate potentials in frog skeletal muscle
MAGNESIUM	Parathyroid function during chronic magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Disorders in the daily urinary excretion of sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium in patients with hemorrhagic fever and the renal syndrome
MAGNESIUM	Combined nitrous oxide and magnesium sulfate anesthesia in urologic surgery
MAGNESIUM	Relations between chronic colopathies and magnesium and calcium metabolism
MAGNESIUM	The effect of agents which modify platelet behaviour and of magnesium ions on thrombus formation in vivo.
MAGNESIUM	Hypoxemia and serum and erythrocyte magnesium levels in patients with chronic respiratory diseases
MAGNESIUM	Effect of experimentally altered plasma-magnesium concentration on aldosterone secretion in dogs
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium, magnesium and potassium in pharmaceutical preparations by conductometric method.
MAGNESIUM	Tissue magnesium level in chronic diarrhea.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of high dietary potassium intake on the metabolism of magnesium by sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Gomori positive glia in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus metabolism, and parathyroid-calcitonin function during prolonged exposure to elevated CO2 concentrations on submarines.
MAGNESIUM	Is the magnesium ion being overlooked by clinicians?
MAGNESIUM	Calcium (ionized and total), magnesium, phosphorus, and glucose in plasma from parturient cows.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in human seminal plasma.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency. I. The femur in acute magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Availability of different inorganic salts of magnesium to sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of feeding regimen and protein supplementation on the sites of net absorption of magnesium in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Hypocalcemia in infants of diabetic mothers. Studies in calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium metabolism and parathormone responsiveness.
MAGNESIUM	Prevention by fluoride of magnesium deficiency defects such as growth inhibition, renal abnormalities, hyperuremia, and hyperphosphatemia in KK mice.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in exchange transfusion.
MAGNESIUM	Ultrafiltrable serum calcium and magnesium in healthy volunteers and kidneystone patients
MAGNESIUM	Phosphate, calcium and magnesium transfers in proximal tubules and loops of Henle, as measured by single nephron microperfusion experiments in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Concentrations of magnesium and calcium in plasma of Hereford cows during and after hypomagnesemic tetany.
MAGNESIUM	Trace elements in food. VII. Magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Iatrogenic maternal hypocalcemia following magnesium sulfate therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Hypocalcemia following magnesium sulfate therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of dehydrocholic acid and nicotinic acid on magnesium-28 absorption
MAGNESIUM	Mechanism of the hypocalcaemic action of parenterally administered magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Substrates of energy metabolism in parabiotically perfused rat hearts during and after cardioplegy by ischemia, potassium chloride and potassium-magnesium-aspartate
MAGNESIUM	The separation of voltage-dependent photoemfs and conductances in Rudin-Mueller membranes containing magnesium porphyrins.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of magnesium-aluminum liquid antacids.
MAGNESIUM	Improved Y chromosome fluorescence in the presence of magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in patients on long-term diuretic therapy for heart failure.
MAGNESIUM	Decreased bicarbonate threshold and renal magnesium wasting in a sibship with distal renal tubular acidosis. (Evaluation of the pathophysiological role of parathyroid hormone).
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in liver cirrhosis.
MAGNESIUM	Treatment results of pelvic type arteriopathies, stadium II, with intravenous mixtures of magnesium compounds and hylase
MAGNESIUM	Role of calcitonin in the regulation of calcium, phosphorus and magnesium concentrations in blood in the course of normal pregnancy
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism following spinal cord injury.
MAGNESIUM	Distribution of magnesium and calcium in brains of normal and magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary calcium and magnesium levels in patients with urolithiasis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in the horse.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium:calcium ratio in the concentrated urines of patients with calcium oxalate calculi.
MAGNESIUM	Rhythm of urinary magnesium excretion in children with pyelonephritis
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Urinary excretion of magnesium in the dog
MAGNESIUM	Determination of serum magnesium level in patients with lung cancer, pneumonia and pulmonary tuberculosis
MAGNESIUM	Tubular secretion of magnesium in old people
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in cardiac arrhythmia.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium sulfate and casein hydrolysate on thermoinactivation of Newcastle disease virus vaccine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium status of alcoholic patients.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of peritoneal dialysis on erythrocyte magnesium in chronic terminal renal failure
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium excretion during acute rise in glomerular filtration rate.
MAGNESIUM	Transfusional reactions and magnesium thiosulfate
MAGNESIUM	Intra and extracellular fluid magnesium by atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Faecal magnesium output and plasma Mg concentration in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Conformational aspects and reactivity of DNA. Effects of manganese and magnesium ions on interaction with DNA.
MAGNESIUM	Study of changes in plasma levels of inorganic phosphorus, calcium and magnesium during nyctohemeral and menstrual rhythm in the normal woman
MAGNESIUM	The effects of indomethacin on calcium, sodium, potassium and magnesium fluxes in various tissues of the guinea-pig.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of form and level of nitrogen on magnesium utilization.
MAGNESIUM	Protein biosynthesis in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of parathyroid hormone on urinary excretion of calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphorus in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium chelators on the regulation of pyruvate oxidation by rabbit heart mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Foetal plasma magnesium levels during maternal hypo- or hypermagnesaemia in ewes.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of lipoprotein lipase. Evaluation of calcium, magnesium, and ammonium as cofactors.
MAGNESIUM	Modifications of blood magnesium in some liver and biliary tract diseases of surgical interest
MAGNESIUM	Combined anesthesia with nitrous oxide and magnesium sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Blood calcium and blood magnesium in the dairy cow. Clinical observations. 1. Correlation of plasma values with the clinical condition in paraplegia of the hypocalcemic type
MAGNESIUM	Clinical and practical experiences with Progresin, a magnesium containing vasoactive drug, in cerebral and peripheral blood circulation disorders
MAGNESIUM	Effects of parathyroidectomy on the development of nephrocalcinosis and calcium, phosphorus and magnesium balance in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Beef brain alkaline phosphatase: role of magnesium on the action of L-phenylalanine and other amino acids
MAGNESIUM	Association of low serum magnesium concentration with severity of gastrointestinal symptomatology in the irradiated patient.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium ions on the ultrastructure of liver cell junctions
MAGNESIUM	A decreased response to parathyroid hormone in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium ions on the interaction of histones with deoxyribonucleic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of magnesium ions with poly A and poly U.
MAGNESIUM	Sedimentation studies of DNA in concentrated solutions of magnesium salts.
MAGNESIUM	Concerning the mechanism of magnesium and aminophenazone interaction (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effects of potassium plus magnesium and of aerobic or anaerobic conditions on the metabolites produced from fructose by washed ram and bull spermatozoa.
MAGNESIUM	The interaction between erythrocyte organic phosphates, magnesium ion, and hemoglobin.
MAGNESIUM	Disorders of the magnesium metabolism in chronic intestinal diseases. I. Mg concentration in blood (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium depletion during gestation and lactation in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on blood magnesium levels in neoplastic diseases
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium depletion in the rhesus monkey: induction of magnesium-dependent hypocalcaemia.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium oxide in management of familial hyperoxaluria.
MAGNESIUM	Blood magnesium deficiency in children (after the neo-natal period)
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism and methods of its exploration in pediatrics
MAGNESIUM	Comparative studies on the action of the polarizing mixture and potassium-magnesium aspartate in the treatment of dysrhythmia in coronary disease
MAGNESIUM	Excretion of magnesium in urine and its relation to the urine calcium in patients with urolithiasis. Preliminary results
MAGNESIUM	Changes of the serum magnesiumlevels in periodic paralysis
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium on the morphology and growth pattern of L-M cells.
MAGNESIUM	Distribution of Ca45 in the organs and tissue of white rats after prolonged consumption of water with an increased magnesium content.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in calcium and magnesium metabolism in depression and delirium tremens
MAGNESIUM	Total, dialyzable and non-dialyzable calcium and magnesium in the uterine muscle, placenta and serum of rats at the end of pregnancy and the time of delivery--its relationship to the mechanism of contraction and relaxation of the uterine muscles
MAGNESIUM	Studies on urolithiasis: biochemical and histological studies of vitamin B 6  and magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	The effect of various milk feeds on the neonatal calcium, magnesium, phosphate and protein levels.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental liver lesions and its influencing by anorganic and organic magnesium salts
MAGNESIUM	Pathophysiological study on lipoid metabolism in the liver under the influence of orotic acid and magnesium orotate
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium-orotate and orotic acid on learning processes in normal and neurotoxically injuried rats
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium orotate and ortotic acid on the activity of lysosomal enzymes in the liver
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium orotate glycinate on experimental ammonia poisoning
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium orotate glycinate on the brain electric activity after experimental ammonia poisoning
MAGNESIUM	Experimental studies on the effect of magnesium orotate glycinate on the hemodynamics of A. coronaris and A. femoralis
MAGNESIUM	Distribution of iron, copper, zinc and magnesium ions in pregnancy
MAGNESIUM	Hydroxyproline, calcium, and magnesium contents of bones in rats after long-term treatment with calcitonin.
MAGNESIUM	Concentration of magnesium in plasma and feces of patients with cholera.
MAGNESIUM	Electrolyte exchange in obstructive arteriopathies of limbs. Changes in blood magnesium levels
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in digitalis toxicity.
MAGNESIUM	Early effects of parathyroid hormone on tubular calcium and magnesium reabsorption.
MAGNESIUM	Progesterone-induced maturational events in oocytes of Xenopus laevis. I. Continuous necessity for diffusible calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Progesterone-induced maturational events in oocytes of Xenopus laevis. II. Change in intracellular calcium and magnesium distribution at germinal vesicle breakdown.
MAGNESIUM	Correlation of erythrocyte potassium and magnesium metabolism following acute and chronic intoxication with cardiac glycosides
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium differences: further evidence for discontinuity between adult and childhood schizophrenia.
MAGNESIUM	Separation of the effects of magnesium pemoline on avoidance learning and memory from its central nervous system stimulant properties by chlordiazepoxide.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in human pathology
MAGNESIUM	Response of canine plasma-ionized calcium and magnesium to the rapid infusion of acid-citrate-dextrose (ACD) solution.
MAGNESIUM	Role of the liver in the regulation of the plasmatic concentration of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Acute effects of synthetic porcine calcitonins on the renal excretion of magnesium, inorganic phosphate, sodium and potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in serum, erythrocytes and urine in protein calorie malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	A microinjection study of nephron permeability to calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Age and magnesium deficiency in the rat with emphasis on bone and muscle magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Distribution of magnesium in the arterial wall.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency on parturition and uterine involution in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Prevention of myocardial infarct using magnesium?
MAGNESIUM	Determination of the stability constant of the magnesium-ion complex of isocitrate.
MAGNESIUM	Acute and chronic magnesium deficiency following extensive small gut resection.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and phosphate on an automated fluorimetric determination of magnesium in biological fluids.
MAGNESIUM	Assay of a cetylpyridinium-dequalinium chlorides combination in compressed lozenges: uptake of quaternary ammonium salts by magnesium stearate.
MAGNESIUM	Role of the thyroid gland in magnesium-induced hypocalcemia in the bovine.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Pathogenesis of hypocalcemia in magnesium depletion. Normal end-organ responsiveness to parathyroid hormone.
MAGNESIUM	Effectiveness of potassium-magnesium asparaginate (panangin) and its effect of blood electrolytes in acute myocardial infarct
MAGNESIUM	An inverse relationship between calcium and ATP in renal tissue of magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Therapy of delirium tremens with urea (or dexamethasone) and magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma magensium concentration and urinary magnesium excretion in rats treated chronically with morphine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in serum and in C.S.F. in febrile convulsions in infants and children.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of furosemide on urinary excretion of calcium, magnesium, phosphorus and sodium
MAGNESIUM	Experimental studies on hypomagnesemia of ruminants. III. Metabolism of magnesium and calcium in sheep at the time of change from a low magnesium and calcium diet to a low magnesium diet with calcium carbonate (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of ribosomes and ribosomal subparticles with endoplasmic reticulum membranes in vitro: effect of spermine and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of antikaliuretics on the development of cardiac lesions in potassium or magnesium deficiencies in the rat
MAGNESIUM	Excretion of bivalent cations (Ca and Mg) in nephrotic syndrome in children. 3. Magnesium and calcium loading in an attempt at evaluating renal tubule function
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium, calcium and vitamin C on tumor growth in mice with breast cancer.
MAGNESIUM	Blood serum magnesium in patients with thyroid dysfunctin
MAGNESIUM	Use of Magnesium compositum in arteriosclerosis of the vessels of the heart, brain and lower extremities
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in serum and in C.S.F. in "meningo-encephalitic syndrome" (tremor syndrome).
MAGNESIUM	Morphological studies of some organs in rats under conditions of magnesium metabolism disorders
MAGNESIUM	Effect of sodium and magnesium fertilisers and irrigation on growth, composition and yield of sugar beet.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of the concentration of calcium and magnesium in food products
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of magnesium, calcium, and water in glomerulonephritis in children
MAGNESIUM	Studies on magnesium metabolism in guinea pigs after acute application of cardiac glycosides
MAGNESIUM	Emetic effect of magnesium ions
MAGNESIUM	The effect of feeding on the apparent kinetic constants and activation energy of the magnesium ion-activated deoxyribonucleic acid-dependent ribonucleic acid polymerase of rat liver.
MAGNESIUM	Yeast pyruvate decarboxylase: spectral studies of the recombination of the apoenzyme with thiamine pyrophosphate and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The differential effect of magnesium and manganese ions on the synthesis of poly (dGd.C) and Micrococcus luteus DNA by Micrococcus luteus DNA polymerase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption in various segments of the digestive tube in the sheep
MAGNESIUM	Equilibrium of adenylate kinase as a function of the concentrations of magnesium and hydrogen ions
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the child's organism
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in neuromuscular physiology.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium and magnesium asparaginate in the treatment of cardiac rhythm disorders
MAGNESIUM	Evidence of magnesium secretion during phosphate depletion in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Primary and chronic congenital hypomagnesemia with magnesium-dependent hypocalcemia
MAGNESIUM	The concentration of zinc, copper, magnesium and manganese in the milk of parturients
MAGNESIUM	Action of magnesium ions on transmembrane currents of atrial fibers in frogs
MAGNESIUM	Effects of a thiocarbamate herbicide compound (pebulate) on magnesium: calcium ratio and blood urea nitrogen levels in exposed sheep and cattle.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of haemodialysis of erythrocyte and plasma potassium, magnesium, sodium and calcium.
MAGNESIUM	Renal magnesium excretion in changed diuresis
MAGNESIUM	Animal-experiment studies in dogs on the influencing of aldosterone secretion through changed plasma magnesium concentration
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and myocardial infarct
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium levels in tissues and serum of hibernating and cold-acclimated hamsters.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and urine magnesium levels in patients with urinary calculi
MAGNESIUM	Testing of the toxic effect of components of industrial sewage on bacterial sludge with the "three-step-method". II. Magnesium-containing sewage
MAGNESIUM	Allosteric activation of brain hexokinase by magnesium ions and by magnesium ion--adenosine triphosphate complex.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and erythrocyte levels of calcium and magnesium in patients at various stages of hypertensive disease
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level in alcoholic liver diseases
MAGNESIUM	The circular dichroism spectrum of microsomal membranes. Magnesium-induced aggregation.
MAGNESIUM	Gas chromatographic analysis of chlorpromazine and its metabolites formed by hepatic microsomes. I. Influence of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in effects of epinephrine on heart contraction and metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium blood levels in infants born at term and in premature infants
MAGNESIUM	Secondary structure of DNA magnesium salt
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium levels in the cervixo-vaginal mucus of cows during sexual cycle.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of fatty acids by mammary glands of cows fed normal, restricted roughage, or magnesium oxide supplemented rations.
MAGNESIUM	Effective treatment of tetany in a newborn infant by combined administration of magnesium and calcium
MAGNESIUM	Plasma level and urinary excretion of calcium and magnesium in chronic renal failure (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effects of pentobarbital, ethanol and morphine on subcellular localization of calcium and magnesium in brain.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, indispensable mineral
MAGNESIUM	The effect of posterior pituitary hormones on the calcium, magnesium, phosphate and chloride metabolism of sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium binding by parvalbumin. A proton magnetic resonance spectral study.
MAGNESIUM	Augmented renal excretion of calcium and magnesium in sheep after feeding.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium-free solutions on the responses of the guinea pig urinary bladder to adenosine 5'-triphosphate and nerve stimulation.
MAGNESIUM	Characteristics of the effect of reserpine on the calcium and magnesium balance in the body of white rats
MAGNESIUM	Intravenous magnesium in tachyarrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline and human performance.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium and digitalis toxicity in chronic obstructive lung disease.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium-ATP concentration on the mechanical response of insect fibrillar flight muscle proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-dependent exocytosis in 'leaky' bovine adrenal medullary cells has a specific requirement for magnesium adenosine triphosphate proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Hypomagnesemia with magnesium-dependent hypocalcemia and hypopotassemia in a case of alcoholic cirrhosis
MAGNESIUM	Effect of flow rate on parotid fluid calcium, magnesium, and protein concentrations in man.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium content in drinking water and that used for household needs and the incidence of gastric cancer in the native and immigrant population of Upper Silesia
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium content in pooled saliva from healthy children and adults as well as from patients with gastrointestinal and nervous system diseases
MAGNESIUM	Age differences in the metabolism of electrolytes and water. VII. Potassium and magnesium content of skeletal muscle tissue.
MAGNESIUM	The secretion of magnesium and calcium in human parotid saliva.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium permeability of the muscle fiber membrane
MAGNESIUM	Experimental magnesium deficiency in the dog and its effect on the dental system
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium distribution following infusions of N MgC1, N MgC12--N HC1 and N MgC12-N NaHCO3
MAGNESIUM	The relationship of thyroid function and tissue electrolytes in experimental magnesium deficiency in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The state of magnesium in cells as estimated from the adenylate kinase equilibrium.
MAGNESIUM	Clinico-pathological study on the vital pulpotomy with magnesium oxide paste
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in human saliva.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the toxicity of drugs. 5. Subchronic toxic tests on mice with the use of amber acid and magnesium phosphate drugs.
MAGNESIUM	A study of thymic lymphosarcoma developing in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirement of the laying hen for reproduction.
MAGNESIUM	Spontaneous and induced magnesium deficiency in ruminants.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium deficiency on the utilization of thiamine.
MAGNESIUM	Myopathy in experimental magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Renal lesions and disturbance of renal function in rats with magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The kidney and magnesium homeostasis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium conservation: a study of surgical patients.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in hyperparathyroidism and osteolytic disease.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in chronic renal disease.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental production of magnesium deficiency in man.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the gut: experimental and clinical observations.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in protein-calorie malnutrition: a follow-up study.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Therapy of magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Electrographic patterns of magnesium depletion appearing in alcoholic heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of alcohol ingestion and withdrawal on magnesium states of alcoholics: clinical and experimental findings.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium balance studies in chronic alcoholism.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in chronic alcoholism.
MAGNESIUM	Microcalorimetric studies on the formation of magnesium complexes of adenine nucleotides.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and alkaline phosphatase determination in saliva
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium salts on the course of leukemia
MAGNESIUM	Dental and salivary magnesium. Study on the magnesium-calcium antagonism
MAGNESIUM	Pathogenesis of bone changes in glycogenosis. II. Role of magnesium in the development of bone changes and the relationship of magnesemia to plasma lipid level
MAGNESIUM	Disappearance of uraemic pruritus after lowering dialysate magnesium concentration.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of adenosine triphosphate, magnesium chloride and phospholipids on crystal formation in the demineralized shell-repair membrane of the snail, Helix pomatia L. An in vitro study.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium and salivary uptake: influence of age and pathologic status
MAGNESIUM	The activity of acid and alkaline phosphatases and the concentration of phosphates, calcium, and magnesium in the serum in periodontal diseases and in the course of their treatment
MAGNESIUM	On the choice of technics for determining calcium and magnesium in the saliva and blood serum
MAGNESIUM	Acid and alkaline phosphatase activity and concentration of inorganic phosphorus, calcium, and magnesium in the saliva in parodontopathies and during their treatment
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium, phosphorus and magnesium in patients with dystrophic forms of parodontopathy
MAGNESIUM	Studies in primary hypomagnesaemia: evidence for defective carrier-mediated small intestinal transport of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium and maintenance haemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Relation between the deposition of dental calculus and the contents of calcium and magnesium ions in human saliva
MAGNESIUM	Potassium flux in the heart and its relation to magnesium iron.
MAGNESIUM	The role of saliva in the metabolism of magnesium and calcium
MAGNESIUM	Some observations on the effects of magnesium on the isolated perfused rat mesentery proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Plasma magnesium levels during the first five days of life.
MAGNESIUM	Therapy of sickle cell anemia by alkalies and magnesium salts. Presentation of a case
MAGNESIUM	Effect of parathyroid function on absorption and excretion of calcium, magnesium and phosphate by rats.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of 5-hydroxytryptophan and reserpine administration on the level of sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium and chloride in five discrete areas of the rabbit brain.
MAGNESIUM	Reproducible, irreversible hemorrhagic shock in rabbits with determination of survival rate. Initial therapeutic experiments with adenosine triphosphate, potassium-magnesium aspartate and the proteinase inhibitor trasylol
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium on the frequency of miniature end-plate potentials during prolonged tetanization.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on ATP-generating and ATP-utilizing reactions in Ehrlich ascites tumour cells.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Studies in protein-calorie malnutrition. II. A double-blind clinical trial to assess magnesium therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirements in adults.
MAGNESIUM	The intracellular concentration of bound and unbound magnesium ions in Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency AND CELL TRANSPLANT.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of copper and magnesium sulfate on inflammation.
MAGNESIUM	Pathogenesis and diagnosis of urolithiasis in the light of studies on calcium, magnesium and phosphate metabolism as well as on urine surface tension
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency in guinea pigs on kidney function and plasma ultrafiltrable ions.
MAGNESIUM	The use of specific-ion electrodes to study interactions of glucose-1-phosphate and magnesium and fluoride ions.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on electrolyte distribution in the rabbit.
MAGNESIUM	Uptake of 28 Mg and 45Ca by tissues of magnesium-deficient rabbits.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of pyrophosphatase activity of mouse duodenal lkaline phosphatase by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of oral ammonium chloride on the urinary excretion of calcium, magnesium and sodium in man.
MAGNESIUM	A study of the relative potency of L- and D-thyroxine in preventing kidney calcification associated with magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The release of antidiuretic hormone from the pituitary stalk after intravenous calcium chloride or magnesium chloride infusion in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on calcium and phosphate metabolism in parathyroidectomized rats.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in hepatic disorders.
MAGNESIUM	The estimation of magnesium in plasma, muscle and bone, by atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation of chemical pregnancy tests based upon the presence of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the therapy of orofacial lesions of severe protein-calorie malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium nutriture of the hen: influence on retention of magnesium, calcium, and nitrogen, and on ration metabolizable energy value.
MAGNESIUM	Keratinocyte substrate adhesion is magnesium-dependent and calcium-independent.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of intestinal microflora on calcium, phosphorus and magnesium metabolism in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and its role in oncogenesis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in infants and children.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium depletion during prolonged fasting of obese males.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of pesticide administration on serum and tissue esterases of rats fed diets of varying casein, calcium, and magnesium content.
MAGNESIUM	Therapeutic results in chronic psychiatric diseases using cavain magnesiumorotate compound
MAGNESIUM	Hypomagnesemia--magnesium requirements
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in serum and cerebrospinal fluid of normal children.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium and fluoride on bone pyrophosphatase activity.
MAGNESIUM	Unusual case of chronic hyperkaliuria with serious psychomotor retardation and changes of calciophosphoric and magnesium metabolism
MAGNESIUM	The molar ratio of calcium to magnesium in the shell of the hen's egg during formation.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma magnesium and calcium in depression.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary levels of manganese and magnesium on performance of growing-finishing swine raised in confinement and on pasture.
MAGNESIUM	Preliminary studies on magnesium and calcium levels in the serum and urine of patients with leukemia
MAGNESIUM	Net movements of magnesium and calcium in the rat small intestine in vivo.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium excretion during glucose and mercaptomerin diuresis in man.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-containing calcite in animal urinary calculi
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium and energy supplementation on blood constituents of fall-calving beef cows.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium and phosphate metabolism during prolonged exposure to carbon dioxide.
MAGNESIUM	Study of platelet adhesiveness and serum magnesium levels in cases of acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium chloride
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on bioelectric activity of the brain based on armine activation
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium content and net fluxes in squid giant axons.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of high-magnesium hip-sirup (Viroma) on experimentally induced and essential hypertension
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the child's organism
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline and Ehrlich tumor: tumor animal versus tumor cell survivals.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of verapamil on the calcium and magnesium transports of rat kidney cortex mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium metabolism in stenocardia and myocardial infarct
MAGNESIUM	pH static studies of the role of magnesium for yeast hexokinase
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level in psychotic and normal children.
MAGNESIUM	Study of phosphorus, calcium and magnesium metabolism in renal lithiasis. Tests with aluminium carbonate and fructose
MAGNESIUM	Serum electrolytes and clotting factors in rats during blood loss by cardiac puncture: effect of norethynodrel with mestranol on serum magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Assessment of the cholagogic effect of sunflower seed oil and magnesium sulfate on the basis of the urocholecystokinin level
MAGNESIUM	Disorder of magnesium metabolism in certain cardiovascular diseases
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in patients with coronary heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	A case of postoperative psychosis caused by magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Free and protein-bound magnesium in normal human plasma determined by ultracentrifugation and ultrafiltration.
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of serum magnesium in experimental hyperthyroidism and during simultaneous administration of an aldosterone antagonist
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium and magnesium levels in various childhood disorders. A study of 200 children.
MAGNESIUM	Importance of solution concentration in the use of the magnesium collar
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium and sodium excretion in urine in patients with kidney stones and their relation to the kind of stone
MAGNESIUM	Postsurgical psychosis caused by magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Contents of macro- and and micro-elements in the soil and plants of forest communities with the woodruff (Asperula odorata L.). Calcium and magnesium contents. I
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on the response of the rat mammary gland strip to oxytocin analogues.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium and magnesium in fodder and sera by means of atomic absorption spectral photometry
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and inhibition of actin-myosin interaction in isolated contractile structures of fibrillar insect muscles
MAGNESIUM	Prevention of retrograde amnesia by injection of magnesium pemoline in dimethylsulfoxide.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of Ostertagia spp. on calcium and magnesium utilization and excretion in young calves.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium infusion in starvation in children
MAGNESIUM	Influence of natural tropomyosin and magnesium on the calcium binding of actomyosin
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium determination in children by atomic absorption spectrophotometry
MAGNESIUM	Various studies on determination of serum calcium and magnesium by atomic absorption spectrophotometry
MAGNESIUM	Effects of feeding different magnesium levels to drylot-fed lactating beef cows.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of chelate-forming potassium-magnesium-d,l-asparginates on thrombocytic function and blood coagulation
MAGNESIUM	Cycle-dependent changes in the magnesium and calcium content of the serum of healthy women
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium metabolism during prolonged furosemide (Lasix) administration to normal rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium. Physiopathological and clinical aspects
MAGNESIUM	Reversible photooxidation of magnesium phthalocyanin related to the study of chlorophyll photochemistry
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium, magnesium, barium, nickel and lanthanum ions on the hyperpolarization responses of a single Ranvier's node
MAGNESIUM	Correlation between sodium reabsorption and magnesium secretion in the Salmonidae kidney
MAGNESIUM	Studies on erythrocyte magnesium and potassium levels in childhood schizophrenia and growth.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in malnutrition
MAGNESIUM	Heat resistance of actinomycetes spores in relation to their content of dipicolinic acid, calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Use of calmagite for the determination of traces of magnesium in biological materials.
MAGNESIUM	Postsurgical psychosis caused by magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium excretion following hypertonic saline administration in arterial hypertension
MAGNESIUM	Electrochemical methods in pharmaceutical analysis. 3. Potentiometric and coulometric determinations of calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of thiamine diphosphate with magnesium ion
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the blood magnesium levels during labor under diazepan-propanidid anesthesia
MAGNESIUM	Significance of the thyroid and parathyroid glands in secondary hypocalcemia following magnesium administration in the rat
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the effects of various diuretics and aldosterone antagonists on renal magnesium excretion
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium balance in terminal chronic uremia
MAGNESIUM	Relation of the intracellular concentration of bound calcium in giant neurons of the snail Helix pomatia on extracellular concentration of calcium, magnesium and sodium ions
MAGNESIUM	Investigations on gastric juice magnesium using atomic aborption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Failure to find increased excretion of zinc or magnesium in humans exposed to carbon disulphide.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental study of the use of magnesium and of ajmaline in ventricular bathmotropic disorders secondary to acute coronary occlusion
MAGNESIUM	Deleterious effects of Babesia divergens. 1. The levels of potassium, calcium, magnesium and iron in blood serum or plasma in clinically manifest piroplasmosis under conditions of natural infection
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: interpretation of the test results
MAGNESIUM	Parathormone-like effect of magnesium replenishment in steatorrhea.
MAGNESIUM	Net movements of calcium and magnesium in slices of rat liver.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc, copper, magnesium and calcium in dialyzed and nondialyzed uremic patients.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency in growing rats on synthesis of liver proteins and serum albumin.
MAGNESIUM	Interrelationship of dietary magnesium and potassium in the guinea pig.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on the distribution of water and cations in the muscle of the guinea pig.
MAGNESIUM	Cryoprotective effect of dimethylsulfoxide, dextran, and magnesium on guinea pig uteri.
MAGNESIUM	Limitations of gel filtration for serum unbound calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Data on the study of hydrolysing compounds V. Determination of the citric acid content of magnesium citrate
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in children with cirrhosis.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of vitamin D deficiency and the role of citrate in kidney calcification of magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Relationship between hepatic cells magnesium, potassium, ATP content and membrane potentials.
MAGNESIUM	Contribution of hard water to calcium and magnesium intakes of adults.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and urinary magnesium levels in cases of acute glomeulonephritis, nephrotic syndrome and urolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of autoagglutination of Moraxella bovis by 10 per cent magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion and parathyroid function.
MAGNESIUM	Parathyroid hormone secretion in vitro: regulation by calcium and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of morphine on magnesium metabolism in rats.
MAGNESIUM	The relation of post-dialysis plasma calcium and magnesium to the dialysate levels and to changes in blood pH.
MAGNESIUM	Postoperative magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma magnesium during hemolytic crisis in children with favism.
MAGNESIUM	Control of rabbit liver fructose-1, 6-diphosphatase activity by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium hydroxide as a thin-layer chromatographic adsorbent. II. A unique system for separating polynuclear azaaromatic compounds.
MAGNESIUM	Morphology of Ehrlich tumor cells treated with magnesium pemoline and x-irradiation.
MAGNESIUM	The determination of magnesium, manganese, iron, copper and zinc in marine shrimp.
MAGNESIUM	Neurological and EEG findings in infants with disordered calcium and magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Blood changes in calcium and magnesium ion concentrations after whole-body x-irradiation.
MAGNESIUM	Mixture of magnesium, insulin, and glucose in the therapy of myocardial infarct and coronary disease
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium in the aqueous humor and lens of rabbits with nutritonal deficiency of these elements.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in low birth weight infants.
MAGNESIUM	Erythrocyte magnesium in normal subjects in spasmophilia and renal failure
MAGNESIUM	Studies of platelet aggregation, plasma adenosine diphosphate breakdown and blood coagulation in magnesium deficient calves and rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline: Specificity of effects on instrumental avoidance learning.
MAGNESIUM	Gastric secretion of magnesium following stimulation with peptavlon and histamine.
MAGNESIUM	Trial of treatment with natural purified aluminium and magnesium silicate in diarrhea of colectomized patients
MAGNESIUM	Sodium and magnesium levels in the vitreous body
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level in patients with viral hepatitis
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium, insulin and glucose on the electrocardiogram in myocardial infarction and coronary disease
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium ions on pyruvate kinase-deficient red blood cells.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship of juxtaglomerular apparatus and adrenal cortex to biochemical and extracellular fluid volume changes in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Phylum ectoprocta, order cheilostomata: microprobe analysis of calcium, magnesium, strontium, and phosphorus in skeletons.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium as a toxic element.
MAGNESIUM	A comparison of the effects of glucose ingestion and NH4Cl acidosis on urinary calcium and magnesium excretion in man.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium therapy on steatorrhoea in a patient with intestinal resection. A case report.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of dietary pyridoxine on mortality rate of the magnesium deficient rat.
MAGNESIUM	Tryptophan metabolism in the magnesium deficient rat.
MAGNESIUM	Pills and thrombosis (platelets, estrogens and magnesium)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of diuretics on urinary excretion of phosphate, calcium, and magnesium in thyroparathyroidectomized dogs.
MAGNESIUM	Tetany and spasmophilia in pregnant women: special study of magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium in the aqueous humor and lens of rabbits in alimentary deficiency of these elements
MAGNESIUM	Plasma magnesium concentration in primary hyperparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the pathogenesis, treatment and prophylaxis of proliferating diseases of the lymphoreticular system
MAGNESIUM	Serum and tissue magnesium levels in human breast carcinoma.
MAGNESIUM	Epsom-salts poisoning and a review of magnesium-ion physiology.
MAGNESIUM	Automated, simultaneous microdetermination of calcium and magnesium by atomic absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of maternally administered magnesium sulfate on the neonate.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium and magnesium in leprosy.
MAGNESIUM	Studies of the acute effects of aldosterone and cortisol on the interrelationship between renal sodium, calcium and magnesium excretion in normal man.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of calcium infusion on renal handling of magnesium with normal and reduced glomerular filtration rate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in urine in arterial hypertension after administration of saluretics
MAGNESIUM	Acute induction of soft tissue calcification with transient hyperphosphatemia in the KK mouse by modification in dietary contents of calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Kinetic study of yeast hexokinase. Inhibition of the reaction by magnesium and ATP.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of lithium on plasma magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The production of calcium and magnesium during pancreatic function tests in health and disease.
MAGNESIUM	Prevention of hypomagnesaemia in cows: the use of magnesium alloy bullets.
MAGNESIUM	Is magnesium secreted by the rat renal tubule?
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the pathogenesis, treatment and prophylaxis of proliferating diseases of the lymphoreticular system
MAGNESIUM	Experimental pneumosclerosis evoked by inhaling of magnesium-lithium alloy aerosols
MAGNESIUM	Separation of two factors, M1 and M2, required for poly U dependent polypeptide synthesis by rabbit reticulocyte ribosomes at low magnesium ion concentration.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium efflux from a heavy sarcotubular fraction. Effects of ryanodine, caffeine and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Mechanisms of regulation of magnesium excretion.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence that glucose ingestion inhibits net renal tubular reabsorption of calcium and magnesium in man.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate in the therapy of pre-eclampsia and eclampsia
MAGNESIUM	Renal mechanism of sodium and magnesium metabolism disorders in patients with chronic glomerulonephritis
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium content in human teeth.
MAGNESIUM	Thiazide-induced rise in serum calcium and magnesium in patients on maintenance hemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Symptomatic magnesium deficiency in urological patients.
MAGNESIUM	The structure of metaphase chromosomes. I. Electrometric titration, magnesium ion binding and circular dichroism.
MAGNESIUM	Micropuncture study of renal magnesium transport in proximal and distal tubule of the dog.
MAGNESIUM	Modification of serum iron lvels and of erythrocyte magnesium during chronic inflammatory rheumatism
MAGNESIUM	1st notes on the use of flavone magnesium chelates in ophthalmologic therapy
MAGNESIUM	Hypomagnesemia and magnesium therapy in protein-calorie malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-ion physiology.
MAGNESIUM	A combination of oxyquinazine-magnesium sulfate, diazepam and ketamine in general anesthesia
MAGNESIUM	Microcytic anemia with erythroblastosis in offspring of magnesium-deprived rats.
MAGNESIUM	Role and use of magnesium in practical therapeutics
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on the toxicity and antineoplastic activity of cyclophosphane
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium on the aggregation of human thrombocytes induced by adrenaline.
MAGNESIUM	The chromatographic separation of magnesium protoporphyrin IX dimethyl esters from zinc protoporphyrin IX dimethyl esters.
MAGNESIUM	An atomic absorption spectrophotometric method for the magnesium concentration in serum
MAGNESIUM	The interaction between magnesium and other neuromuscular blocking agents.
MAGNESIUM	The binding of calcium and magnesium to actomyosin and its modification by natural tropomyosin.
MAGNESIUM	The use of magnesium alloy bullets.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level and electroencephalographical findings during alcohol withdrawal
MAGNESIUM	Studies on magnesium in ruminant nutrition. 10. Effect of lactation on the excretion of magnesium and faecal dry matter by grazing monozygotic twin cows.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on magnesium in ruminant nutrition. 11. Effect of lactation on the excretion of calcium and potassium by grazing monozygotic twin cows.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium content of normal heart muscle in areas of hard and soft water.
MAGNESIUM	Excretion of magnesium, calcium, and inorganic phosphate by the cat submandibular gland.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Clinical studies on the action of parathyroid hormone on the kidney. II. Effect of the parathyroid hormone of the renal excretion of calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Observations on plasma magnesium levels in patients with uremic neuropathy under treatment by periodic hemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Method for determination of dialyzable calcium and magnesium in the serum using a collosion bag
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium levels in diabetes.
MAGNESIUM	New simple methods for the sensitive and specific determination of calcium, magnesium and zinc in serum by atomic absorption spectrophotometry
MAGNESIUM	Abolition of magnesium-induced hypocalcaemia by acute thyro-parathyroidectomy in the cat.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of isoniazid with magnesium oxide and lactose.
MAGNESIUM	Transition of amorphous magnesium ammonium phosphate to a crystalline state in rat urinary calculi induced by L-forms of Proteus mirabilis.
MAGNESIUM	Spasmophilia caused by magnesium deficit.
MAGNESIUM	Differences between manganese and magnesium ions with regard to fatty acid biosynthesis, acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase activity and malonyl-coenzyme A decarboxylation.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of synthetic porcine alpha-calcitonin on the renal elimination of magnesium, sodium and inorganic phosphate in normal and parathyroidectomized rats.
MAGNESIUM	The use of magnesium in herpetic ulcer of the cornea
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in primary hyperparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Compensatory selection of magnesium sulfate by magnesium-depleted laboratory rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Dose-response studies of gastric secretion of sodium, potassium, calcium, inorganic phosphorus, and magnesium after stimulation with pentagastrin.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of the composition of magnesium citricum. Polarographic study of citric acid
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption by everted sacs of rat intestine and colon.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on ventricular fibrillation due to hypothermia.
MAGNESIUM	A calcium-associated magnesium-responsive defect of respiration and oxidative phosphorylation by skeletal muscle mitochondria of BIO 14.6 dystrophic hamsters.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and ascitic fluid magnesium in bilharzial (schistosomal) hepatic fibrosis.
MAGNESIUM	Aorta and other soft tissue calcification in the magnesium-deficient rat.
MAGNESIUM	The cellular transport of magnesium in rat liver.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium and cysteine on vasopressin-induced contractions in various canine blood vessels.
MAGNESIUM	The coupling of magnesium secretion and sodium reabsorption in the kidney of teleost.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in newborns
MAGNESIUM	Buoyant density and solvation of magnesium DNA.
MAGNESIUM	Concentration of copper, ceruloplasmin, magnesium and sulfate in the blood of patients with a hepato-renal form of Weil's disease
MAGNESIUM	Action of potassium and magnesium salts in the treatment of arrhythmia
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium excretion in different types of hypercalciuria with recurrent calcareous nephrolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	The relative importance of urinary pH and urinary content of citrate, magnesium and calcium in the production of nephro calcinosis by diet and acetazolamide in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Disseminated magnesium and aluminum silicate associated with paregoric addiction.
MAGNESIUM	Leuko- and oncogenesis in the light of studies on the metabolism of magnesium and its turnover in biocenosis.
MAGNESIUM	Leuko- and oncogenesis in the light of studies on the metabolism of magnesium and its utrnover in biocenosis.
MAGNESIUM	Ultrafiltrable and protein-bound magnesium in serum of patients with hyperlipidaemia
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium sulphate on the photochemical formation of microstructures with properties of biological order.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium and manganese on the purine ratio of RNA transcribed in vitro by rat liver nuclei.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of feeding with a tryptophan-free amino acid mixture on rat liver magnesium ion-activated deoxyribonucleic acid-dependent ribonucleic acid polymerase.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of chronic rheumatic inflammation on blood iron content and erythrocyte magnesium
MAGNESIUM	An assessment of the use of sephadex G-25 in the estimation of serum protein-bound magnesium and calcium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions affect the quantitative but not the qualitative microsome mediated binding of benzoalpha-pyrene to DNA.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium and magnesium on the response of intestine smooth muscle to drugs.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of erythrocyte and plasma magnesium in full term and premature newborn infants
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in digitalis--induced arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the concentration of sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in the serum of pregnant and lactating cows
MAGNESIUM	Diurnal variations in the potassium, calcium and magnesium content of the serum of clinically healthy cattle
MAGNESIUM	Acidosis and hypercalciuria: renal mechanisms affecting calcium, magnesium and sodium excretion in the sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Degranulation of beta-cells of the islets of lagerhans following intragastric administration of magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium and the electrical activity of guinea-pig olfactory coex in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on the conformation of two highly purified yeast alanine transfer ribonucleic acids.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium excretion by the dog kidney following administration into the renal artery
MAGNESIUM	Study of the ionic content of spermatic plasma (sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium and chlorine ions
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium on calcium release from bone in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Comments on the mechanisms of disordered divalent ion metabolism in renal failure. A possible role of magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Prevention of succinylcholine-induced hyperkalaemia by magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and C.S.F. magnesium in malnutrition in children.
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular magnesium in malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation of the treatment of eclampsia by magnesium sulphate in Upper Egypt hospitals.
MAGNESIUM	Problems of occupational hygiene in the manufacture and working of magnesium-lithium alloys
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium orotate and orotic acid on induced blood pressure elevation and cardiopathogenic changes of the myocardium in animal experiments
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and citrate during the menstrual cycle: effect of an oral contraceptive on serum magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Observations on the influence of the release of potassium ion accompanying with the accumulation of magnesium ion on the respiration of brain mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	A magnesium-responsive defect of respiration and oxidative phosphorylation in skeletal muscle mitochondria of dystrophic hamsters.
MAGNESIUM	Auromatic microdetermination of magnesium in biological material with the dye solution of Mann and Yoe
MAGNESIUM	Relation of polysome structure to ribonuclease and ribonuclease inhibitor activities in livers of magnesium-deficient guinea pigs.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency: brain acetylcholine and motor activity.
MAGNESIUM	New micromethod for specific determination of sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium in a single serum dilution
MAGNESIUM	Arteriosclerosis, myocardial infarct and blood lipids, their therapeutic modification by magnesium orotate
MAGNESIUM	Observations on magnesium levels in serum and cerebrospinal fuid in idiopathic epilepsy.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of magnesium and calcium in normal children.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical and experimental study on the effect of magnesium compositum on the blood circulation of extremities and kidney hemodynamics in health subjects and patients with vascular diseases
MAGNESIUM	Value of metabolism studies in forensic medicine: magnesium and calcium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in otosclerosis
MAGNESIUM	Effect of spermine and magnesium on the attachment of free ribosomes to endoplasmic reticulum membranes.
MAGNESIUM	Paralysis in cattle. 1. Determination of sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphorus in the blood serum of healthy cows
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in sterility and calf loss (mineral impoverishment of cows)
MAGNESIUM	Significance of magnesium for the newborn calf
MAGNESIUM	Divergence of renal sodium and magnesium excretion following administration of trometamol (trisbuffer), amiloroide-HCL, acetazolamide and parathormone -- a result of urinary alkalization?
MAGNESIUM	Effects of parenteral therapy of malnutrition with magnesium in children. Biochemical studies
MAGNESIUM	Results of the treatment of arterial angiopathy of the legs with a mixed intravenous infection of magnesium compound and hyaluronidase
MAGNESIUM	Significance of magnesium in the clinical diagnostics of uremia
MAGNESIUM	Influence of muscular work on the magnesium level and neuromuscular excitability in man
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport defect with hypercalcaemia.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium sulphate on the absorption, excretion and retention of calcium and phosphorus by sheep fed on phosphate supplemented rations.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and the parathyroid.
MAGNESIUM	Endogenous cholecystokinin-pancreozymin induced by instillation of intraduodenal magnesium sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium supply on the toxicity of Vitamin D3 in cattle
MAGNESIUM	Individual variation in blood magnesium and susceptibility to hypomagnesaemia in cows.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on postoperative magnesium metabolism of patients with gastric cancer. Especially in relation to protein metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Enhancement of adenovirus plaque formation on HeLa cells by magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level in some common disorders.
MAGNESIUM	Serum iron, copper, magnesium and zinc concentration in chronic pulmonary tuberculosis during chemotherapy with capreomycin-ethambutol-rifampicin combinations.
MAGNESIUM	Oxethazaine combined with aluminum and magnesium hydroxide (Oxaine M) in duodenal ulcer pain: a double-blind clinical pharmacology study.
MAGNESIUM	Some aspects of calcium and magnesium metabolism in patients with arteriosclerosis
MAGNESIUM	Plasma calcium and magnesium in newborn babies.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of diphenylhydantoin, potassium-magnesium-asparaginate, insulin and female sex hormones on the hypothermic fibrillation threshold of the guinea pig heart
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in physiology and clinical practice
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the beginning of rigor mortis in the ischemic guinea pig heart under normothermia. Effect of procaine, potassium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Potentiation of metastatic calcification in vitamin D-treated rats by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for renal magnesium secretion during magnesium infusions in the dog.
MAGNESIUM	Total contents and net movements of magnesium in the rat uterus.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical significance of changes in serum magnesium in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass.
MAGNESIUM	Attempts to alter kidney calcification in the magnesium-deficient rat.
MAGNESIUM	Body fluid electrolyte composition of chronically magnesium-deficient and control rats.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of thyrocalcitonin in rats fed magnesium-deficient and complete rations.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium oxalate solubility.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport in Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy for recurring calcium oxalate urinary calculi.
MAGNESIUM	Infection of mouse fibroblasts by cardioviruses: premature uncoating and its prevention by elevated pH and magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in single skeletal muscle cells of Balanus.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium as components in infusion solution
MAGNESIUM	Neutron activation analysis of rat bone: simultaneous determination of calcium, chlorine, magnesium, and sodium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium binding to yeast ribosomes.
MAGNESIUM	Histological changes in the gastric mucosa of magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	The clinical and biochemical effects of excess magnesium in the newborn.
MAGNESIUM	Renal magnesium transport in glomerulonephritis and pyelonephritis with special emphasis on the terminal stage
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of calcium and magnesium in man using a diet with a very low content of these minerals.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of brain glutamate decarboxylase by adenosine triphosphate and its relation to the presence of magnesium ions
MAGNESIUM	Physiology and pharmacology of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in human gastric juice.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency: a new social disease
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium pemoline in dimethylsulfoxide on reversal learning, motor activity, and water intake.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium sulphate on the blood vessels of the upper limb in man.
MAGNESIUM	Morphological studies of magnesium deficiency and magnesium excess in rats
MAGNESIUM	The influence of plasma magnesium concentrations on calcitonin secretion in the pig.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of myocardial 3H-digoxin of magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of an oral contraceptive agent on the concentrations of calcium and magnesium in plasma, erythrocytes and platelets in women.
MAGNESIUM	Nitrogen retention: its risks and relationship to magnesium, potassium and phosphorus retention in premature babies fed with a regimen based on human milk (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, zinc, and copper in dialysis patients.
MAGNESIUM	The therapeutic effect of kavain and magnesium orotate on traumatic and vascular brain lesions
MAGNESIUM	Chronic hypomagnesemia with magnesium-dependent hypocalcemia. I. A new syndrome with intestinal magnesium malabsorption.
MAGNESIUM	Chronic hypomagnesemia with magnesium-dependent hypocalcemia. II. A study of the relationship between magnesium, calcium and strontium.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of tissue calcium, magnesium, sodium, and potassium by flame spectrophotometry: aspects of methodology and instrumentation.
MAGNESIUM	Cell population kinetics and biochemical changes in the rat stomach during magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Increased autoanalyzer dialysis of calcium and magnesium in presence of protein.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium-dependent transport of magnesium ions in giant axons of Loligo forbesi.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and cardiotherapy
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the treatment of spontaneous ventricular tachyarrhythmias (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Synthetic hydroxyapatite crystals. IV. Magnesium incorporation.
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in the pathogenesis of azotemic hypothermia.
MAGNESIUM	Interrelationships of thyroxine, citrate, and renal calcificiation in the magnesium-deficient rat.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium content in pregnancy and during delivery in comparison with serum calcium
MAGNESIUM	Analysis and evaluation of urinary calculi containing magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Influence of calcium and magnesium ion deprivation on lactate dehydrogenase liberation by the isolated and perfused rat heart
MAGNESIUM	Influence of pantothenic acid on magnesium deficiency of the adult white rat
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in patients on regular dialysis treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Diurnal rhythm of calcium- and magnesium excretion of kidney in health people and patients with primary chronic glomerular nephritis
MAGNESIUM	Fluctuations in total calcium and magnesium in the plasma and uterine fluid of the domestic fowl.
MAGNESIUM	Relative effects of different supplemental magnesium sources on apparent digestibility in steers.
MAGNESIUM	On the behavior of plasmatic and urinary magnesium in patients with thyroid diseases
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in health and disease of children.
MAGNESIUM	Spherocytic hemolytic disease during magnesium deprivation in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium absorption in growing cattle as influenced by age of animal and source of dietary nitrogen.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of parathyroid hormone secretion in vitro: quantitative aspects of calcium and magnesium ion control.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: its pathology. Study of a case of magnesium deficiency in a newborn
MAGNESIUM	Biological applications of the carbon rod atomizer in atomic absorption spectroscopy. 1. Preliminary studies on magnesium, iron, copper, lead, and zinc in blood and plasma.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the biosynthesis in vitro of parathyroid hormone. II. The effect of calcium and magnesium on synthesis of parathyroid hormone isolated from bovine parathyroid tissue and incubation medium.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium content of the plasma and erythrocytes in rheumatism
MAGNESIUM	Acute changes in inorganic phosphorus, urea, and alkaline phosphatase of plasma and glomerular filtration rate during the development of soft tissue calcification in the KK mice fed a diet low in magnesium and high in phosphorus.
MAGNESIUM	Rapid isolation of insect ribosomal subunits by ethanol-magnesium precipitation.
MAGNESIUM	Editorial: Magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Toxicologic-chemical findings in a fatal magnesium poisoning following duodenal administration of magnesium sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Blood magnesium levels in patients with various types of neoplasms
MAGNESIUM	The bile acids: the digestion and absorption of different triglycerides and the effects on the absorption of calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical and statistical study of blood magnesium during the neonatal period
MAGNESIUM	The controversial role of magnesium in protein-calorie malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium pemoline on the aversive threshold to shock in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium levels in cord sera of the progeny of mothers treated with magnesium sulfate for toxemia of pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium &amp; iron on the reversal of metal toxicities in Micrococcus pyogenes var. aureus.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium sulphate injection on histopathological changes in aorta &amp; coronary artery in experimental hypercholesteremia in rabbits.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium ions and other bivalent metal ions on the aconitase equilibrium and its bearing on the binding of magnesium ions by citrate in rat heart.
MAGNESIUM	Production of experimental magnesium deficiency in albino rats
MAGNESIUM	On the effect of potassium, magnesium aspartate therapy in various heart diseases
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium hydroxide as a thin-layer chromatographic adsorbent. A new system for the separation of polynuclear hydrocarbons.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency on adrenal function in rats
MAGNESIUM	Studies of the effect of the diuretics furosemide, ethacrynic acid and triamterene on renal magnesium and calcium excretion
MAGNESIUM	On the difference in erythrocyte magnesium content of patients with endogenous eczema and ichthyosis valgaris
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on spontaneous impulse generation in the sinus node of the guinea pig heart as a function of the sodium and calcium ion concentration
MAGNESIUM	Blood calcium and magnesium levels in renal insufficiency
MAGNESIUM	The therapy of ventricular fibrillation by prolonged intravenous infusion of magnesium sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Specificity of the requirements for magnesium and calcium in the growth and metabolism of chick embryo fibroblasts.
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in blood coagulation.
MAGNESIUM	The serum magnesium level in kidney diseases
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium stearate on the flow properties of lactose powder.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium studies in gastrointestinal disorders and malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the electrolyte balance in the guinea pig myocardium during long-time stress and simultaneous adminstration of potassium-magnesium-asparaginate
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Magnesium in heart muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Parenteral magnesium treatment in chronic liver diseases
MAGNESIUM	Disturbances of the dental metabolism in dogs in experimental magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	The deposition of magnesium in the growing skeleton
MAGNESIUM	The behavior of the intracellular magnesium concentration in the myocardium in insufficiency, hypoxia and ventricular fibrillation
MAGNESIUM	Neurolability, idiopathic spasmophilia in children and magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium ions on the systemic and local toxicities of the N-methyl-glucamine (Meglumine) salt of metriozoic acid (Isopaque).
MAGNESIUM	An evaluation of oral magnesium oxide-aluminum hydroxide in the management of renal calculi (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the behavior of sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium and phosphorus concentrations in the serum with special reference to the relationships between the calcium serum level and the electrical systole of clinically healthy sows before, during and after birth
MAGNESIUM	Correlation principles between magnesium phosphate and respiratory metabolism in Candida utilis
MAGNESIUM	On the effect of magnesium salts on the urethane induction of pulmonary adenomas in mice
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium hydrocarbonates on the purine metabolism and the pathohistological changes occurring in albino rats.
MAGNESIUM	Hematic and urinary magnesium in fibromyomatosis
MAGNESIUM	Stimulation of poly-beta-hydroxybutyrate oxidation in Sphaerotilus discophorus by manganese and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Estimation of calcium and magnesium in serum and urine by atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Ameliorating effect of calcium and magnesium ions on the toxicity of Isopaque sodium. 2. Studies on the isolated heart and auricles of the rabbit.
MAGNESIUM	Correlation between calcium and magnesium metabolic profiles observed simultaneously in control subjects and patients with idiopathic cardiomyopathy and congestive heart failure.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of the progestin-estrogen oral contraceptives on blood serum copper, copper oxidase, magnesium and sulphur concentrations.
MAGNESIUM	Chemistry of copper, magnesium and sulfur in malignant tumors of the head (mouth, nose, face and ear)
MAGNESIUM	Hormonal regulation of magnesium distribution
MAGNESIUM	Lipide metabolism in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	On changes of serum concentration of magnesium in labor
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium salts on the thermo-inactivation of myxoviruses
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium on the process of oxidation in rat liver and lung homogenates in experimental beryllium poisoning
MAGNESIUM	Effect of vitamin D on hepatic intracellular distribution of calcium and magnesium in rats
MAGNESIUM	Tissue metabolism of magnesium in patients with hypertension
MAGNESIUM	Blood magnesium content in rickets
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium-electrophoresis in the combined therapy of bronchial asthma in children
MAGNESIUM	Effect of concentration of KCl, magnesium acetate and spermine on the ratio of alpha to beta globin chains synthesized.
MAGNESIUM	Extra- and intracellular magnesium concentration in endocrine diseases
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium content in basic food products in the Tomsk region
MAGNESIUM	Changes in calcium and magnesium metabolism in children with diffuse glomerulonephritis
MAGNESIUM	On the pathogenic role of disorders of calcium and magnesium metabolism in chronic cardiac insufficiency
MAGNESIUM	Therapy of disorders of myocardial metabolism with potassium-magnesium aspartate
MAGNESIUM	Complexometric determination of calcium and magnesium in urine
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of the myocardial membrane when deprived of calcium and magnesium: effects of ionic concentration of sodium, potassium and chlorine
MAGNESIUM	The state of magnesium metabolism im rickets
MAGNESIUM	Atomic absorption in the service of biology. IV. Determination of calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the mode of function of transcardial magnesium iontophoresis in patients with angina pectoris
MAGNESIUM	Influence of reserpine and increased environmental temperature on brain magnesium in toads.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium oxide (MgO) fumes on the human body in industry
MAGNESIUM	The physiologic role of magnesium. Phlebothrombotic disease due to magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	The importance of magnesium deficiency in cardiovascular disease.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium and manganese contents in patients with psoriasis and their role in the pathogenesis of the disease
MAGNESIUM	Importance of a new polymetallic silicic derivative (bismuth-magnesium-sodium alumino-silicate) in the treatment of common intestinal dyspepsia of the newborn
MAGNESIUM	Studies on drug diabetes. 9. Magnesium and carbohydrate metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	The binding of magnesium ions to DNA.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in hepatic diseases in children--with special reference to obstructive jaundice in infants
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the lubrication of pharmaceutical powders. VI. Change of flow properties of sodium bicarbonate in the presence of a small amount of magnesium stearate
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Variation in serum magnesium values in congenital salt-losing adrenal hyperplasia
MAGNESIUM	Copper, iron, magnesium and sulfur in the serum of pregnant women with sideroblastic anemia before, during, and after parenteral iron infusion therapy
MAGNESIUM	Protein, fat, calcium, magnesium and phosphorus salt content in human milk during the 1st week of lactation
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in normicalcemic tetany.
MAGNESIUM	Chronic deficiency of magnesium in cows
MAGNESIUM	Thromboembolic disease of long standing with hyperfibrinogenemia. Treatment with heparin, magnesium and anti-inflammatory agent
MAGNESIUM	Nervous depression due to magnesium deficiency, crenotherapy by sulfur, calcium and magnesium water
MAGNESIUM	The effects of alterations in dietary magnesium on calcium, phosphate and skeletal metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Level of the trace elements copper, manganese, silicon, aluminum and magnesium in the colostrum, intermediate and mature milk of mothers of full-term and premature newborn infants
MAGNESIUM	The effect of potassium and magnesium deficiency on the course of influenza and Semliki virus infection in mice
MAGNESIUM	On the association of hematropine methylbromide and magnesium gluconate
MAGNESIUM	The determination of calcium and magnesium in acetylene flames.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, copper, and manganese balance in adolescent females.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of trace amounts of copper, zinc and magnesium in aminal feeds by atomic-absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the mineral metabolism of chick embryo tibiae in organ culture.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of excess magnesium on vagal inhibition and acetylcholine sensitivity of the mammalian heart in situ and in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in icteric newborn undergoing exchange-transfusion with donor's blood collected in ACD solution.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium ions on calcium and phosphorus metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Distribution and tissue uptake of magnesium related to its pharmacological effects.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of the concentration of salts of magnesium, nitrogen and phosphorus on the growth rate of Candida utilis
MAGNESIUM	The precipitation of alfalfa mosaic virus by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Mineral composition of fruits. II. Nitrogen, calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium, aluminum, boron, copper, iron, manganese, and sodium.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of spinach leaf ribulose-1,5-diphosphate carboxylase activities by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Plaque enhancement of Newcastle disease virus (lentogenic strains) by magnesium and diethylaminoethyl dextran.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium phosphates as antacids.
MAGNESIUM	Rapid and simple continuous radiochemical separation of copper, magnesium, zinc, and manganese in biological materials.
MAGNESIUM	Vasotocin-magnesium interaction in vascular smooth muscle of the hagfish (Eptatretus stoutii).
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level in the salt-losing type of congenital adrenal hyperplasia.
MAGNESIUM	Acute magnesium poisoning as a complication of chronic intermittent haemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma parathyroid hormone and calcitonin levels in hypocalcaemic magnesium-deficient calves.
MAGNESIUM	The calcium and magnesium content of skeletal muscle, brain, and cerebrospinal fluid as determined by atomic bsorption flame photometry.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemical and pathological studies on magnesium deficiency in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions of polyelectrolytes with simple electrolytes. 3. The binding of magnesium ion by deoxyribonucleic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Regional differences in magnesium, calcium, and zinc composition of arterial wall in normal and hypertensive dogs.
MAGNESIUM	The contribution of the chronically diseased kidney to magnesium homeostasis in man.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium excretion in surgical patients.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in man.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of chlorothiazide and amipramizide (MK 870) on the renal excretion of calcium, phosphate and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on corticosterone in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Reduction of hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction by magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium metabolism and the effects of fluoride therapy in Paget's disease of bone.
MAGNESIUM	Management of magnesium metabolism disorders
MAGNESIUM	Muscle contraction and the relative roles of calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The one-electron oxidation of magnesium octaethylporphin.
MAGNESIUM	Ionized and total plasma calcium and magnesium before and after modified E.C.T.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on the action of oxytocin and a group of analogues on the uterus in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Fluorometric determination of magnesium in biological material
MAGNESIUM	The influence of gluconate and glucogalactogluconate on the fluorometric estimation of magnesium with o,o-dihydroxyazobenzene.
MAGNESIUM	Roles of thyroid and parathyroid hormones in renal calcification induced by magnesium deficiency in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Activity of lactate and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenases in glomeruli and proximal tubules of magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in tetany.
MAGNESIUM	Trace elements in human brain: copper, zinc, iron, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Functional and structural effects of magnesium deficiency and cortisone treatment in mice.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels.
MAGNESIUM	Neuromuscular excitability and blood magnesium in athletes
MAGNESIUM	A spectrophotometric method for the analysis of strychine phosphate in the presence of magnesium stearate.
MAGNESIUM	Level of serum magnesium and urinary excretion in renal diseases in children
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium in the cerebrospinal fluid of the rat.
MAGNESIUM	The urinary calcium-magnesium ratio in calcigerous stone formers.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate interactions in seawater from solubility measurements.
MAGNESIUM	Differences in the effects of manganese and magnesium on initiation and elongation in the RNA polymerase I reaction.
MAGNESIUM	Concentration of magnesium in serum and in erythrocytes of patients with chronic progressive arthritis
MAGNESIUM	Contribution to the treatment of pasture tetany. Preliminary report on the administration of magnesium gluconate
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of potassium and magnesium abnormalities.
MAGNESIUM	Combined treatment with calcium and magnesium salts in pseudohypoparathyroidism
MAGNESIUM	Erythrocyte and plasma zinc and magnesium levels in health and disease.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma concentrations of calcium, chromium, copper, iron, magnesium, and zinc in maternal and cord blood and their relationship to low birth weight.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of chronic heat exposure and prolonged food deprivation on excretion of magnesium, phosphorus, calcium, hydrogen ion &amp; ketones.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of morphine on the hormonal control of metabolism. IV. Morphine-induced changes in sensitivity of the glucose-uptake system of muscle to extracellular magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium handling by the papilla of the young rat.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level in idiopathic nephrotic syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the electrocardiogram during slow endovenous magnesium sulfate infusion in rats
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-calcium antagonism in the contraction of arterioles.
MAGNESIUM	Short-term and long-term radioprotective effect of magnesium pemoline.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium in hypoparathyroidism in children
MAGNESIUM	Blood iron, zinc and magnesium levels after partial gastrectomy and after surgery of the bile tract
MAGNESIUM	Effects of ethacrynic acid and furosemide on urinary calcium, phosphate and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirement of the laying hen.
MAGNESIUM	The local action of ammonium, calcium and magnesium on adrenocortical secretion.
MAGNESIUM	Interrelationship of magnesium and ionized calcium in human magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Stoichiometry of complex I formed between luteoskyrine, magnesium and nucleic acids.
MAGNESIUM	Preservation of exocrine pancreatic function in the magnesium-deficient rat.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on swine. XXIX. The erythrocytic sodium, calcium and magnesium concentrations of clinically healthy swine as well as studies for determining the interrythrocytic plasma volume (plasma defect) with Evan's blue
MAGNESIUM	Routine serum magnesium analysis. Correlation with clinical state in 5,100 patients.
MAGNESIUM	Alcohol withdrawal and magnesium deficiency in mice.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of prolonged administration of aldosterone on potassium and magnesium metabolism in the rabbit.
MAGNESIUM	Value of magnesium bromoglutamate syrup for problems of behavior and psychomotor development of the child
MAGNESIUM	Biological significance of the amino acid residue in position 3 of neurohypophyseal hormones and the effect of magnesium on their uterotonic action.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency and food restriction on the immune response in young mice.
MAGNESIUM	Structure and function of chloroplast proteins. V. Homotropic effect of bicarbonate in RuDP carboxylase reaction and the mechanism of activation by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and sugar transport in muscle. Effect of acute insulin deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	3 cases of eclampsia treated with magnesium sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Influence of dietary magnesium on metabolism of calcium and magnesium in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in human beings and in some animals
MAGNESIUM	Thermoanalytical studies of kidney calculi (II) (Calcium and magnesium containing calculi)
MAGNESIUM	Does magnesium produce anesthesia? Evaluation of its effects on the cardiovascular and neurologic systems.
MAGNESIUM	Reactions of co-ordinated ligands. IV. The use of amino-magnesium compounds in the preparation of alpha-amino-acid amides from alpha-amino-acid ethyl esters.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on growth response to thiamine of thiamine-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Cerebrospinal fluid and serum levels of magnesium, zinc, and calcium in man.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in primary hyperparathyroidism
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium handling in the dog kidney: a micropuncture study.
MAGNESIUM	Oral treatment of human taeniasis by ethereal extract of male-fern (aspidium) preceded by the administration of hypertonic solution of magnesium sulphate.
MAGNESIUM	Relief of casein inhibition of Bacillus stearothermophilus by iron, calcium, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of calcium and magnesium ions on myocardial surface and intracellular electrogram and contractile force of a dog
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of the electrolyte concentration in various tissue of rats after the administration of potassium-magnesium 1 asparaginate
MAGNESIUM	Method for the determination of unsaturated iron-binding capacity of serum using radioactive iron and magnesium carbonate.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of four methods for determining serum magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirement in the transacylation reaction catalysed by the isoleucyl-RNA synthetase of Bacillus stearothermophilus.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between the changes of calcemia and plasmatic magnesium level in stress
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between the changes of potassemia and the plasmatic magnesium level in stress
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the magnesium content of hair, urine and blood plasma following oral magnesium administration in humans and the importance of these findings regarding the therapy of oxalate urolithiasis
MAGNESIUM	The juxtaglomerular apparatus and zona glomerulosa in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the magnesium contents of the liver in cirrhosis
MAGNESIUM	Neonatal hypomagnesemia with selective malabsorption of magnesium--a clinical entity.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of nucleoside triphosphate and magnesium ion concentration on the stability and function of rat liver polysomes in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium level in the serum of pregnant women and in the amniotic fluid.
MAGNESIUM	Contribution of activity to the circadian rhythm in excretion of magnesium and calcium.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on sweat losses of nutrients. 3. Calcium, magnesium, and chloride content of whole body cell-free sweat in healthy unacclimatized men under controlled environmental conditions.
MAGNESIUM	Micromodification of the Bohuon dye method for serum magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport in kidney tubules
MAGNESIUM	Pancreatitis and magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Effect of procaine, calcium, magnesium and potassium on the acetylcholine release from the sweat nerve endings in human skin.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of NaCl concentration of the medium on the potassium content of Aerobacter aerogenes and on the inter-relationships between potassium, magnesium and ribonucleic acid in the growing bacteria.
MAGNESIUM	On the effect of calcium, magnesium, and beta-receptor-blocking agents on the neuromuscular stimulus transmission in the frog lung
MAGNESIUM	On various pharmacodynamic effects of potassium and magnesium salts of D-L aspartic acid (effect on cell respiration, renal circulation and blood platelet adhesiveness)
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the lymphatic transport of magnesium oxide out of the human lung
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline: lack of effect of brain RNA metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and lipid metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Potentation of the hypoglicemic action of insulin by calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The blood content of calcium and magnesium in children during the active phase of rheumatism
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate used as an unique treatment of pregnancy toxemias
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium and magnesium in serum
MAGNESIUM	Total and ultrafiltrable serum magnesium and calcium in normal children and adults in Singapore.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of plasma magnesium concentration on parathyroid hormone secretion.
MAGNESIUM	Causes of the multilayered effect of magnesium orotate in degenerative heart and vascular diseases (vascular sclerosis)
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in gastric juice determined by means of atomic absorption spectrophotometry
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium concentration in the lactating cow at the start of pasturing and its evaluation using a new rapid urine test
MAGNESIUM	Aluminum and magnesium pentasilicates associated with pectin and sorbitol in gastrointestinal disorders observed in children during treatment by tuberculostatics
MAGNESIUM	Experimental animal studies on the influencing of serum magnesium by TSH, thyroxine and triiodothyronine and its behavior in patients with hyperthyroidism
MAGNESIUM	Ouabain and the distribution of calcium and magnesium in cerebral tissues in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium-magnesium-aspartate on the capacity for prolonged exercise in man.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of dietary magnesium on metabolism of calcium and magnesium in sheep: calcium kinetics.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of thyroid and parathyroid on hypocalcemia occurring after a magnesium load.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship of free fatty acids and magnesium in ethanol withdrawal in dogs.
MAGNESIUM	On infusion therapy with potassium-magnesium aspartate in acute myocardial infarct, chronically insufficient heart and digitalis intoxication
MAGNESIUM	Adenylate deaminase. V. Effect of alkali metal and magnesium ions on activity.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium ions, adenosine triphosphate, palmitoylcarnitine, and palmitoyl coenzyme A on acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase.
MAGNESIUM	Contribution of activity to the circadian rhythm in excretion of magnesium and calcium. AM-68-4.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the cerebrospinal fluid and the blood serum of epileptic patients
MAGNESIUM	On the problem of effective thromboembolism prevention using magnesium during gamma-ray contact therapy for cervix and corpus uteri carcinomas
MAGNESIUM	Action of magnesium ions on the passage of nucleic acids from the nucleus into the extranuclear medium in vitro
MAGNESIUM	Fluorescence of zinc and magnesium etioporphyrin. I. Quenching and wavelength shifts due to complex formation.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary magnesium on strontium-calcium discrimination and incorporation into bone of rats.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium contents in nails of children with kwashiorkor.
MAGNESIUM	Method of serum magnesium determination in rats
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the ribosomes and ribonulceic acids of Aerobacter aerogenes grown at different rates in magnesium-limited continuous culture.
MAGNESIUM	On the treatment of the digitalis-induced atrial tachycardia with AV conduction disorder. Experiences with sodium-magnesium aspartate
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and vascular diseases
MAGNESIUM	Drinking cure with sea water. A contribution on magnesium therapy
MAGNESIUM	Various findings on the effect of dust from furnace charges of magnesium-manganese and manganese-zinc ferrites on experimental animals
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of magnesium in patients with liver cirrhosis treated with oral diuretics. Its variation through vasopressin
MAGNESIUM	Potassium-magnesium-aspartate in the therapy of heart diseases
MAGNESIUM	Renal secretion of magnesium and other electrolytes under the influence of acute ingestion of alcohol, in normal subjects
MAGNESIUM	Globular, urinary and blood magnesium levels in infants with malnutrition and acute gastroenteritis
MAGNESIUM	Bioavailability to rats of zinc, magnesium and calcium in casein-, egg- and soy protein-containing diets.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of the magnesium ion on bathmotropic disorders of the ventricular myocardium
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in health and disease. Analysis of estimation in 500 children.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium lactate used as protective agent against hyperoxemia convulsions in white rats
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in affective disorders.
MAGNESIUM	Action of magnesium sulphate on melanophores of Rana tigrina.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium dependent contraction of glycerinated smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in plasma and erythrocytes in renal insufficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium-pemoline on the behavior and EEG pattern of cats with implanted electrodes
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in clinical medicine
MAGNESIUM	Raman scattering study of effect of calcium and magnesium of phosphatidylserine vesicles.
MAGNESIUM	A clinico-physiologic analysis of the effects of euphyllin and magnesium collars on patients with incipient cerebral atherosclerosis and a study of the role of these factors in complex sanatorium-climatic therapy
MAGNESIUM	Activity and learning in rats after magnesium pemoline.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical study on magnesium metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Chemical changes in the cerebrospinal fluid and brain in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Of magnesium, muscle relaxants, toxemic parturients, and cats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-calcium balances and steady states of biological systems.
MAGNESIUM	Diurnal variations of zinc, copper and magnesium in the serum of normal fasting adults.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of serum magnesium concentration and its value in normal infants
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in thyroid diseases
MAGNESIUM	Solubility of magnesium salt of 1-aspartic acid
MAGNESIUM	Effect of high potassium and low magnesium intakes on the mineral metabolism of monozygotic twin cows.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of furosemide, ethacrinic acid, acetazolamide and chlorothiazide on renal excretion of sodium, calcium, magnesium, phosphoranes and bicarbonates in persons with normal renal function
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium-entiched hawthorn syrup (Viroma) on experimental hypertension
MAGNESIUM	The effect of calcium and magnesium on frozen rat uteri, and the calcium content of uteri frozen by various procedures.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of fasting on certain hematochemical constants in cattle, with special reference to calcium, phosphorus, magnesium and citric acid
MAGNESIUM	Research on serum magnesium in cases of premature labor
MAGNESIUM	Effects of manganese ions and magnesium ions on the activity of soya-bean ribulose bisphosphate carboxylase/oxygenase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in chronic alcoholism
MAGNESIUM	Effects of deficient magnesium uptake on the cardiovascular system in children
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of urinary excretion of monovalent and bivalent cations after intravenous administration of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Subcellular distribution of metals (sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium in rat liver, kidney and intestinal mucosa.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline: facilitation of maze learning when administered in pure dimethylsulfoxide.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline: enhancement of brain RNA synthesis in vivo.
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of ordinary osteoporosis by the combination of salmon calcitonin-phosphorus and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Determination by means of atomic absorption spectrophotometry of calcium, magnesium, iron, copper and zinc in the blood of normal children and adolescents
MAGNESIUM	Potassium-magnesium ratio in forage
MAGNESIUM	Some serum enzyme and electrolyte values in rats fed a magnesium-deficiency ration.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental human magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of level of feed intake and time of sampling after feeding on concentrations of dissolved sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus in bovine rumen fluid.
MAGNESIUM	Hypermagnesaemia in presence of magnesium depletion in acute-on-chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium and magnesium in serum and urine by atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium potentiation of the oxytocic acitvity of pituitary extracts from an elasmobranch (Raia rhina).
MAGNESIUM	Effect of varying dietary protein-magnesium ratios on nitrogen utilization and magnesium retention in growing rats.
MAGNESIUM	Role of coprophagy in utilization of triglycerides, calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Interrelationship of triglycerides with calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of magnesium in plasma, erythrocytes and sputum in patients with bronchial asthma
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesiumaspartate on preservation of the rat liver.
MAGNESIUM	Movement of calcium and magnesium across the midgut epithelium of the American cockroach.
MAGNESIUM	Essential metals in man. Magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Neutron activation analysis of terbium in strontium magnesium phosphate phosphor (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Measurements of calcium and magnesium in serum and urine by atomic absorption spectrometry.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in clinical and experimental myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium deficiency on calcium homeostasis in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and formaldehyde on the sedimentation behavior of rat liver ribosomes.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary magnesium on the development of nephrocalcinosis in rats.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium and pH on experimental calcium oxalate stone disease.
MAGNESIUM	Dependence of cerebrospinal fluid potassium, calcium and magnesium on cerebrospinal fluid sodium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of rate of gland function on pH, viscosity, total solids, calcium, and magnesium in unstimulated parotid fluid.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium balance and protein intake level in adult human female.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on S-adenosylmethionine-magnesium protoporphyrin methyltransferase in Euglena gracilis strain Z.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of serum 5' nucleotidase by magnesium ions and its diagnostic applications.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of ethanol on magnesium excretion.
MAGNESIUM	Hog thyrocalcitonin in the dog: urinary calcium, phosphorus, magnesium and sodium responses.
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular magnesium depletion in chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport in humans with hypomagnesemia.
MAGNESIUM	The interrelationship between sodium, calcium, and magnesium excretion in advanced renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	The relation of age and sex to distribution of values in healthy adults of serum calcium, inorganic phosphorus, magnesium, alkaline phosphatase, total proteins, albumin, and blood urea.
MAGNESIUM	Electron microscopic studies of the specific interactions of actomyosin with magnesium and calcium ions
MAGNESIUM	Activation of inactive phosphorylase dimer and monomer from human platelets with magnesium adenosine triphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Modifications of plasma magnesium by thyrocalcitonin, parathyroid extract and cortisone.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium-dependent incorporation of serine into the phospholipids of mitochondria isolated from the developing flight muscle of the african locust Locusta migratoria.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the aconitase equilibrium: determination of apparent stability constants of mangnesium substrate complexes from equilibrium data.
MAGNESIUM	Electron microscope study of the viricidal properties of sodium magnesium-chlorophyllin.
MAGNESIUM	Toxicity of dimethyl sulfoxide and magnesium as a function of temperature.
MAGNESIUM	Renal handling of magnesium in the dog.
MAGNESIUM	Micropuncture study of magnesium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the dog.
MAGNESIUM	Diuretics and diet in hypertension with special reference to magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	The effects of saxitoxin and tetrodotoxin on nerve conduction in the presence of lithium ions and of magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Spontaneous diurnal fluctuation of the magnesium level in plasma and erythrocytes
MAGNESIUM	Cholesterol level and content of calcium and magnesium in plasma in nephrotic syndrome in children
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium sulphate administration on the rumen contents of normal cattle on high-grain rations.
MAGNESIUM	Experience with serum magnesium estimations.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and manganese specific forms of soluble liver RNA polymerase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of phosphate, calcium and magnesium on bone resorption and hormonal responses in tissue culture.
MAGNESIUM	Intravenous magnesium sulphate in arterial disease.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium alloy bullets for suckling calves.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium bullets.
MAGNESIUM	Color reaction on potassium with magnesium dipicrylaminate solution in the analysis of pharmaceutical preparations and ready-made pharmaceutical forms
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and potassium deficiencies on composition and growth of ascites tumour cells in vivo.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary magnesium and fluoride on bone mineralization in young chicks.
MAGNESIUM	Blood serum magnesium content and its excretion by the kidneys in thyrotoxicosis
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic study of hyperparathyroid and other renal stone formers using a very low intake of calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The significance of variations in the urinary magnesium/calcium ratio in normal subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Precipitation of alpha lipoproteins in serum by sodium phosphotungstate in the presence of magnesium chloride
MAGNESIUM	Values for tissue magnesium as a guide in detecting magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Some observations on serum magnesium in renal disease.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of calcium and magnesium on manganese absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Stimulation of mitotic activity and the initiation of deoxyribonucleic acid synthesis in populations of rat thymic lymphocytes by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium and magnesium concentration during early labor and the postpartum period.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency on restoration of potassium and sodium levels in potassium-depleted muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of anticoagulants on calcium and magnesium content of human platelets.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of feeding a magnesium acetate molasses mixture on serum magnesium levels of dairy cows grazing spring pasture.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of semen after freezing. I. Effects of washing, skim-milk solids, and potassium and magnesium ions on the metabolism of thawed ram and bull spermatozoa.
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of serum magnesium level in school children
MAGNESIUM	Disorders of magnesium metabolism in the postoperative period
MAGNESIUM	Factors affecting the magnesium, sodium and trace element contents of hill sheep pastures.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of iron absorption by magnesium trisilicate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium depletion in the newly born or young child.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium contents of gastrointestinal tissues in six species.
MAGNESIUM	Subcellular localization of calcium, magnesium, and protein in canine intestinal mucosa.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic interrelations of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Respiration of Discoglossus pictus (Otth) tadpoles in the presence of saline varying in magnesium concentration
MAGNESIUM	Estimation of calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus in diet and stool.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium pemoline upon acquired DRL performance.
MAGNESIUM	Composition and ph changes during freezing of solutions containing calcium and magnesium phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dibazol, papaverine and magnesium sulfate on the blood circulation and respiration of dogs under high altitude conditions
MAGNESIUM	Importance, in surgery, of various unusual electrolytes: magnesium, zinc and copper
MAGNESIUM	Serum enzyme and serum electrolyte values of lambs fed a magnesium-deficient ration.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on magnesium in ruminant nutrition. 9. Effect of potassium and magnesium intakes on development of hypomagnesaemia in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of changes in the calcium, magnesium, potassium and hydrogen-ion concentration in the cerebrospinal fluid on respiration
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of enzymatic degradation of RNA by bound calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Chloral hydrate and magnesium sulphate as general anaesthetic for goats.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical and experimental data on some secretory functional aspects of the stomach in patients with gastrointestinal diseases treated with a gel of aluminum or magnesium hydroxide in a colloidal suspension ("Maalox")
MAGNESIUM	Normal value of magnesium level in human serum
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in heart muscle.
MAGNESIUM	The twenty-four-hour seminal hydration response in goldfish (Carassius auratus). I. Sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, chloride and osmolality of serum and seminal fluid.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium therapy on cardiovascular and electrocardiograph changes in severe protein-calorie malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	On the pharmacotherapy of children and adolescents with behavior disorders. Experience with the magnesium-bromine compound Psicosoma
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation studies on 4 per cent gelatin solution containing 1 per cent glycine for intravenous use. Effect of gelatin infusions on the concentrations of sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium in blood of rabbits.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental studies on the intestinal uptake of organic and inorganic magnesium and potassium compounds given alone or simultaneously.
MAGNESIUM	The shifts of electrolyes and radioactive ions in the myocardium during various cardiotoxic interventions and administration of some potassium and magnesium salts.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency, dietary sulfate and thyroxine treatment on kidney calcification and tissue protein-bound carbohydrate in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	The concentrations of magnesium and potassium in erythrocytes and plasma of geriatric patients with psychiatric disorders.
MAGNESIUM	The importance of magnesium in preventing myocardial metabolic disorders in thyrotoxicosis
MAGNESIUM	The state of magnesium metabolism in various models of experimental rickets
MAGNESIUM	The correlation of fractional excretion of sodium and magnesium in the chronically diseased kidney of dog and man.
MAGNESIUM	Adenine nucleotides and magnesium ions in relation to control of mammalian cerebral-cortex hexokinase.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium, manganese and adenosine triphosphate ions on pyruvate carboxylase from baker's yeast.
MAGNESIUM	Analysis of the effects of calcium or magnesium on voltage-clamp currents in perfused squid axons bathed in solutions of high potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of calcium and magnesium on the respiratory response to changes in CSF pH.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium and phosphates in plasma and urine in chronic renal failure in a case of nephrocalcinosis with congenital renal malformations
MAGNESIUM	Induction of fatty acid oxidation in peroxisomes of rat liver by magnesium-4 chlorophenoxyisobutyrate (Mg-CPIB)
MAGNESIUM	Letter: Magnesium in heart muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Variations in the distribution of calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphorus within chronically catheterized sheep conceptuses during the last eight weeks of pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in homozygous beta-thalassaemia.
MAGNESIUM	Detecting and correcting magnesium imbalance.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate in the treatment of toxemia.
MAGNESIUM	The biological effects of magnesium-leached chrysotile asbestos.
MAGNESIUM	Mood change and magnesium. A possible interaction between magnesium and lithium?
MAGNESIUM	5'-Guanylylimidodiphosphate-activated adenylate cyclase of cardiac sarcolemma displays higher affinity for magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Prevention of early neonatal hypocalcemia in low birth weight infants with continuous calcium infusion: effect on serum calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, and circulating immunoreactive parathyroid hormone and calcitonin.
MAGNESIUM	Frequent trophic disorders in deviations of magnesium and calcium metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus and magnesium turnover.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption in the caecum of rats related to volatile fatty acids production.
MAGNESIUM	The calcium-magnesium interaction in the process of release of noradrenaline by nicotine.
MAGNESIUM	Histamine release by exocytosis from rat mast cells on reduction of extracellular sodium: a secretory response inhibited by calcium, strontium, barium or magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium load and its removal by the kidneys in rats
MAGNESIUM	Muscle calcium accumulation during magnesium deficiency in the rat proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Two cases of magnesium deficiency of unknown etiology.
MAGNESIUM	Fine structural changes in rat myocardium induced by thyroxine and by magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The automated fluorometric determination of serum magnesium. II. Procedure using 8-hydroxyquinoline-5-sulfonic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency complicating intestinal surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Characteristics of magnesium metabolism in bronchial asthma
MAGNESIUM	Effect of parathyroid extract on magnesium excretion in man.
MAGNESIUM	Teratologic evaluation of the magnesium sulfate adduct of 2,2'-dithio-bis-(pyridine-1-oxide) in swine and rats.
MAGNESIUM	Serum ionic magnesium in exchange transfusion.
MAGNESIUM	Alterations in cellular sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, copper and zinc levels during the development and maturation of erythrocytes in the rabbit.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium and magnesium in serum, urine, diet, and stool by atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Studies in protein-calorie malnutriton. I. Chemical evidence for magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of a high intake of calcium on magnesium metabolism in normal subjects and patients with chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium starvation of Aerobacter aerogenes. I. Changes in nucleic acid composition.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium starvation of Aerobacter aerogenes. 3. Protein metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium starvation of Aerobacter aerogenes. II. Rates of nucleic acid synthesis and methods for their measurement.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of dietary carbohydrates on magnesium utilization in the chick.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of lactose and glucose on magnesium-28 retention in the chick.
MAGNESIUM	Increased susceptibility of magnesium-deficient rats to a phosphate-induced nephropathy.
MAGNESIUM	Leukocytosis, bone marrow hyperplasia and leukemia in chronic magnesium deficiency in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of catecholamine secretion and calcium exchange in perfused cat adrenal glands by tetracaine and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Allosteric activation of sheep kidney pyruvate carboxylase by the magnesium ion (Mg2+) and the magnesium adenosine triphosphate ion (MgATP2-).
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Aldosterone secretion in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	A pharmacologic analysis of the significance of the chemical functional groups of oxytocin to its oxytocic activity and on the effect of magnesium on the in vitro and in vivo oxytocic activity of neurohypophysial hormones.
MAGNESIUM	Citrate metabolism and the mechanism of renal calcification induced by magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Toxicity study of sodium metrizoate containing calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Studies by electron microscopy on the effects of magnesium chloride-procaine amide or potassium citrate on the myocardium in induced cardiac arrest.
MAGNESIUM	Intestinal transport of calcium and phosphate in experimental magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Reflectance and transmittance of evaporated aluminum and aluminum: magnesium fluoride films in the ultraviolet (-1800A).
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of rapidly exchangable compartments, rates of exchange and magnesium transfer using magnesium 28 in normal and diseased adults. Preliminary results
MAGNESIUM	Response to vitamin D of magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of bradykinin on water, sodium, potassium, magnesium and calcium content of segments of arteries and veins of dogs in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium intoxication in a premature infant.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency in the hen on egg production and hatchability of eggs.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of directed protein synthesis by chloramphenicol: effect of magnesium concentration.
MAGNESIUM	Intraerythrocytic magnesium studies in various childhood diseases using a new flame photometric micromethod
MAGNESIUM	The effect of added magnesium on the availability of zinc with some high-protein feedstuffs.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium ions: influence on the response of an isolated artery to sympathetic nerve stimulation, noradrenaline and tyramine.
MAGNESIUM	Enhancement of conditioned photic evoked responses in the rabbit by pemoline and magnesium hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	A new method for the determination of magnesium in serum, erythrocytes and urine
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on radiostrontium excretion in man.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium studies in relation to vitamin D-resistant rickets.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of plasma ionised calcium and magnesium by ion exchange strip.
MAGNESIUM	A selective intestinal malabsorption of magnesium  in an infant.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on reticulocyte maturation.
MAGNESIUM	Isolation of nucleoli in a medium containing spermine and magnesium acetate.
MAGNESIUM	A case of acute intoxication with magnesium sulphate administered into the duodenum
MAGNESIUM	The measurement of serum magnesium by atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Serum iron and magnesium level in infants with rickets due to vitamin D deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Solvent extraction and determination of magnesium in biological materials.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium and magnesium depletion in patients with cirrhosis on maintenance diuretic regimens.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of protein-bound magnesium and calcium by gel filtration.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of vitamin D on magnesium metabolism in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and cerebrospinal fluid magnesium--a prognostic index in tubercular meningitis.
MAGNESIUM	The morphine--thebaine group of alkaloids. IX. The reaction of thebaine with magnesium iodide.
MAGNESIUM	Results of a questionnaire on the estimation of magnesium in body fluids.
MAGNESIUM	Action of parathormone on the serum content of magnesium in the isolated liver perfusion system
MAGNESIUM	A comparative evaluation of formol-ether, zinc sulphate and magnesium sulphate concentration techniques for diagnosis of helminthic ova and protozoal cysts.
MAGNESIUM	(Minus) S-adenosyl-L-methionine-magnesium protoporphyrin methyltransferase, an enzyme in the biosynthetic pathway of chlorophyll in Zea mays.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy in a Nigerian malnutrition clinic.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of trace amounts of magnesium,  strontium and nickel in lake-water samples by neutron-activation analysis.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium, sodium, calcium and magnesium content of human myocardium
MAGNESIUM	Renal handling of calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphate in chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	An improved fluorometric procedure for the estimation of magnesium in biological materials.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium ion on blood-clotting times in an active-phase hibernator and a non-hibernator.
MAGNESIUM	Automated atomic absorption spectrophotometry. II. The determination of serum magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Electrophoretic separation of the magnesium-dependent glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenases in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in blood serum and cerebrospinal fluid in children with neurological disorders
MAGNESIUM	Studies on magnesium in ruminant nutrition. 7. Excretion of magnesium, calcium, potassium and faecal dry matter by grazing sheep.
MAGNESIUM	The acute effect of adrenal steroids on the interrelationship between the renal excretion of sodium, calcium, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Relation of magnesium to calcium in human blood serum.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of fluoride on magnesium deficiency in the guinea pig.
MAGNESIUM	Relative magnesium deficiency in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium--its nutritional and pharmacologic effects.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium concentration in schizophrenia and epilepsy.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of temperature on the magnesium binding and ultracentrifugal properties of rat liver ribosomes.
MAGNESIUM	Novobiocin and the binding of magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	The determination of serum magnesium: automated fluorometry vs. atomic absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Study of the ribosomal ribonucleic acid of yeasts deficient in magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Utilisation of calcium and magnesium and production of acids by Rhizobium spp. from some cultivated legumes.
MAGNESIUM	Correlation between the hyperkalaemic ECG-changes and the potassium, magnesium and calcium levels in the serum in renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Morphine cancels effects of magnesium on hormone-sensitive uptake of glucose by muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Study of the behavior and karyotype of rat cells in culture under the effect of variations in ionic concentrations of potassium, calcium and magnesium in the medium
MAGNESIUM	The influence of sustained magnesium deficiency on muscle potassium repletion.
MAGNESIUM	Adrenal infunces on calcium and magnesium homeostasis in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Disorders of magnesium metabolism after gastrectomy for peptic ulcer
MAGNESIUM	Composition of blood plasma (calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, proteins) during the neonatal period in the calf. Influence of the state of health.
MAGNESIUM	Strontium, calcium and magnesium in brown algae.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions between pigments and nucleic acids. 4. Specific and non specific complexes between luteoskyrine, magnesium ions, and nucleic acids
MAGNESIUM	Studies with a multichannel flame spectrometer. II. The simultaneous determination of magnesium, calcium, copper, manganese, and chromium.
MAGNESIUM	The spasmophilia: neuromuscular clinical form of a primary magnesium deficiency. Statistical study of the diagnostic and prognostic value of clinical and paraclinical criteria
MAGNESIUM	The discrimination between magnesium and manganese by serum proteins.
MAGNESIUM	Emission photometry of picomoles of calcium, magnesium, and other metals.
MAGNESIUM	Altered erythrocyte enolase ans pyruvate kinase activity and blood magnesium concentration in cattle with industrial fluorosis.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium ions on the frequency of miniature end-plate potential discharges in amphibian muscle in the presence of ethyl alcohol.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and urea cycle enzymes in rat liver.
MAGNESIUM	The effect on serum ionic magnesium of exchange transfusion with citrated as opposed to heparinized blood.
MAGNESIUM	Transaminase values in lambs fed a magnesium-deficient ration.
MAGNESIUM	Evaluations of the normal values of normal human serum. (12). Serum magnesium values based on atomic spectro-absorption
MAGNESIUM	A simple method for estimating dietary magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The urinary excretion of oxalic acid and magnesium in oxalate urolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level in infants and children with hepatic diseases.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium and magnesium salts in acute and chronic coronary insufficiency and its complications
MAGNESIUM	The biosynthesis of chlorobium chlorophylls-660. The production of magnesium protoporphyrin monomethyl ester, bacteriochlorophyll, and chlorobium pheoporphyrins by Chlorobium thiosulfatophilum-660.
MAGNESIUM	Swine hematology from birth to maturity. IV. Serum calcium, magnesium, sodium, potassium, copper, zinc and inorganic phosphorus.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion as a factor governing bacterial flocculation.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on magnesium in ruminant nutrition. 8. Effect of increased intakes of potassium and water on the metabolism of magnesium, phosphorus, sodium, potassium and calcium in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Therapeutic effect of potassium magnesium asparagine in disorders of the impulse formation and conduction system of the heart
MAGNESIUM	Protective effect of magnesium pemoline against lethal doses of x-irradiation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium pemoline: activation of extinction responding after continuous reinforcement.
MAGNESIUM	Total and ultrafiltrable calcium and magnesium in human plasma: improved method and normal values.
MAGNESIUM	The determination of serum magnesium: automated fluorometry vs atomic absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemistry, physiology and pharmacology of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the relationship between activity and structure of liver acetyl-CoA carboxylase. Effects of magnesium ions, adenine nucleotides and acetyl-CoA.
MAGNESIUM	Cell surface membranes in close contact. Role of calcium and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Availability and utilization of magnesium from dolomitic limestone and magnesium oxide in steers.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary organic phosphorus on magnesium metabolism in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in physiopathology and therapy
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium, copper, iron, magnesium, manganese, potassium, sodium, zinc, and chloride concentrations in several brain areas.
MAGNESIUM	Skeletal magnesium changes in the rat during varying dietary fluoride intake and growth.
MAGNESIUM	Vigilance states and cerebral monoamine metabolism in experimental magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of manganese, calcium, magnesium and lithium on the ouabain-induced seizure.
MAGNESIUM	Action of potassium sulfate and potassium magnesium sulfate on the body of animals in a chronic experiment
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium and calcium ions on synaptic transmission block induced by adenosine in isolated slices of rat hippocampus
MAGNESIUM	A central role for magnesium in the regulation of inhibitory adenosine receptors.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium content in the blood in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis during long-term antibacterial therapy
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium trisilicate mixture BP.
MAGNESIUM	Speculations on hormonal controls of magnesium homeostasis: a hypothesis.
MAGNESIUM	The possible role of magnesium in hypercalcemic hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	Response of milking cows fed a high concentrate, low roughage diet plus sodium bicarbonate, magnesium oxide, or magnesium hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium regulation of magnesium dependent phosphorylation of human erythrocyte ghost spectrin.
MAGNESIUM	In vitro complexation of aluminum and magnesium by cimetidine and ranitidine. A nuclear magnetic resonance study.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of lithium on magnesium levels in the plasma, erythrocytes and brain of rats
MAGNESIUM	Accidental magnesium fluoro silicate ingestion.
MAGNESIUM	Seasonal variation in urinary excretion of calcium, magnesium and phosphate in manic-melancholic patients.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of magnesium uptake by beta-adrenergic agonists and prostaglandin E1 is not mediated by cyclic AMP.
MAGNESIUM	Manganese and magnesium dependent properties and inner plasma membrane surface localization of guanylate cyclase from murine plasmocytoma cells.
MAGNESIUM	A high affinity calcium-stimulated magnesium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase in rat adipocyte plasma membranes.
MAGNESIUM	Sidedness of (calcium, magnesium) adenosine triphosphatase of purified Torpedo synaptic vesicles.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on erythrocyte aging in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium in the myocardium: cause of death and area differences.
MAGNESIUM	Steady-state magnesium ion-adenosine triphosphatase activities of myosin and its subfragment 1 derivative.
MAGNESIUM	Fluorides and magnesium and their interactions in health preservation. Theme for the Day of Research of the Finnish Dental Society, November 23, 1979.
MAGNESIUM	Studies of circulation and acid-base balance in pregnant sheep: II. The effect of magnesium sulfate infusion.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of the sterilization method and of magnesium oxide on the tissue responses in the rat to modified starch glove powders.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium infusions in diuretic induced hyponatraemia.
MAGNESIUM	Structural relationship between the calcium- and magnesium-transporting ATPase of sarcoplasmic reticulum and the membrane.
MAGNESIUM	Temperature-induced conformational changes in calcium- and magnesium-dependent ATPase systems.
MAGNESIUM	ATP synthesis by calcium- and magnesium-dependent ATPase in detergent solution at constant calcium levels.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition by metals of a canine renal calcium, magnesium-activated adenosinetriphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport: an independently regulated beta-adrenergic response not mediated by cyclic AMP.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary mirex and PCBs on calcium and magnesium metabolism in rainbow trout, Salmo gairdneri and coho salmon, Oncorhynchus kisutch; a comparison with Great Lakes coho salmon.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions and contraction of vascular smooth muscles: relationship to some vascular diseases.
MAGNESIUM	A high affinity calcium-stimulated magnesium-dependent ATPase in rat liver plasma membranes. Dependence of an endogenous protein activator distinct from calmodulin.
MAGNESIUM	Visualization of nucleolar substructure in cultured human fibroblasts by magnesium-activated adenosine triphosphatase reaction.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings of symposium "Magnesium and Health". Berlin, Germany, March 14, 1980.
MAGNESIUM	Potential hazard of magnesium sulphate administration.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of eserine on magnesium-activated myofibrillary adenosine triphosphatase and natural and reconstructed actinomyosin in rabbit skeletal muscle fibers
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium- and manganese-supported guanylate cyclase in guinea-pig heart: subcellular distribution and some properties of the microsomal enzyme.
MAGNESIUM	Phospholipid and calmodulin activation of solubilized calcium-transport ATPase from human erythrocytes: regulation by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Specific association of bromocresol purple anions with a magnesium complex of a phosphorylated intermediate during steady-state hydrolysis of ATP by the Mg2+ + Ca2+-dependent ATPase of sarcoplasmic reticulum.
MAGNESIUM	Bioavailability of magnesium salicylate.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for the existence of a monovalent cation-stimulated, magnesium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase activity in the isolated plasma membranes of amoebas of the slime mold dictyostelium discoideum.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions among the effects of normorphine, calcium and magnesium on transmitter release in the mouse vas deferens.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium sulfate in premature labor that fails to respond to beta-mimetic drugs.
MAGNESIUM	Protein-bound adenosine 5'-triphosphate: properties of a key intermediate of the magnesium-dependent subfragment 1 adenosinetriphosphatase from rabbit skeletal muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Calorimetric assay of yeast inorganic pyrophosphatase interaction with magnesium and phosphate ions
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-dependent inhibition of beef heart soluble mitochondrial adenosine triphosphatase by tricyclic antipsychotics.
MAGNESIUM	Neurotransmitter release and its facilitation in crayfish. III. Amplitude of facilitation and inhibition of entry of calcium into the terminal by magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Activity of various phosphatases, leucine aminopeptidase and resorption of L-35S-methionine in the jejunum of birds maintained on diets with different levels of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Effect of fenitrothion on magnesium level and cholinesterase activity in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in portal cirrhosis.
MAGNESIUM	Lipid selectivity of the calcium and magnesium ion dependent adenosinetriphosphatase, studied with fluorescence quenching by a brominated phospholipid.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of magnesium ion specific adenosinetriphosphatase in chloroplast coupling factor 1 by octyl glucoside.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of fatty acids with the calcium-magnesium ion dependent adenosinetriphosphatase from sarcoplasmic reticulum.
MAGNESIUM	Audiogenic seizure in the mouse according to strain and sex: the effect of the magnesium ration and neuromediators
MAGNESIUM	Agonist binding to mammalian beta 1 and beta 2 adrenoceptors: modulation by guanine nucleotides and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Catalytic specificity of yeast inorganic pyrophosphatase for magnesium ion as cofactor. An analysis of divalent metal ion and solvent isotope effects on enzyme function.
MAGNESIUM	The importance of betamimetics and magnesium for the outcome of pregnancy: I. Reduction of intrauterine growth retardation, premature rupture of membranes and premature birth after supplemental magnesium therapy
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium in the CSF of schizophrenic patients and healthy controls: correlations with cyclic GMP.
MAGNESIUM	Soft tissue potassium, magnesium, sodium and ash contents throughout the life span of highly inbred rats.
MAGNESIUM	The significance of betamimetics and magnesium for the outcome of pregnancy: II. The role of magnesium in the development of gestosis and fetal hypotrophy
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirement for somatostatin inhibition of insulin secretion.
MAGNESIUM	Enzyme histochemistry of malignant T cell lymphoma due to chronic magnesium deficiency in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Characterization of calcium-activated and magnesium-activated ATPases of brain nerve endings.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition by chlorpromazine, metals and I-ascorbic acid of calcium-ATPase and magnesium-ATPase in bovine adrenal medullary microsomes.
MAGNESIUM	The use of ritodrine and magnesium sulfate in the arrest of premature labor.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and premature labor.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in the body fluids of dam and fetal rabbits during the reproductive phase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in the Japanese quail.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of carbon tetrachloride and 1,1-dichloroethylene on rat hepatic microsomal calcium- and/or magnesium-stimulated ATPase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy in pregnancy. Pharmacologic and toxicologic aspects of magnesium supplementation and use in pre-eclampsia and threatened premature labor
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, ATP, and magnesium activate soluble tyrosine hydroxylase from rat striatum.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, electrolyte transport and coronary vascular tone.
MAGNESIUM	The nature of the chick's magnesium-sensitive retinal spreading depression.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of sodium valproate on magnesium and sodium + potassium adenosine triphosphatases of human fetal brain.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of sodium, hydrogen and magnesium ions on mitochondrial calcium sequestration in adult rat ventricular myocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion-dependent, calcium ion stimulated, endogenous protein kinase-catalyzed phosphorylation of basic proteins in myelin fraction of rat brain white matter.
MAGNESIUM	Interrelation of organism--environment. III: pharmacodynamics and possibilities of adaptation of the organism to the ingestion of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Characteristics of magnesium-dependent, Ca2+ -stimulated endogenous protein kinase-catalyzed phosphorylation of basic proteins in myelin isolated from rat brain stem white matter.
MAGNESIUM	Substance P, bethanechol, 4-aminopyridine, and potassium antagonize the depressing effects of low-frequency stimulation, tetrodotoxin, procaine, and of magnesium on the field-stimulated guinea-pig vas deferens.
MAGNESIUM	Human hypoxanthine guanine phosphoribosyltransferase. The role of magnesium ion in a phosphoribosylpyrophosphate-utilizing enzyme.
MAGNESIUM	Adsorption of proteins from the Spiroplasma citri cell membrane by magnesium lauroyl-sarcosinate crystals.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium levels in isolated cardiac mitochondria from mice injected with isoproterenol.
MAGNESIUM	Increased cell loss in the human jejunum induced by laxatives (ricinoleic acid, dioctyl sodium sulphosuccinate, magnesium sulphate, bile salts).
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for two compartments of exchangeable calcium in isolated rat liver mitochondria obtained using a 45Ca exchange technique in the presence of magnesium, phosphate, and ATPase at 37 degrees C.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy in hyperthyroidism
MAGNESIUM	Structures of alpha-tropomyosin magnesium paracrystals. II. Stimulation of staining patterns from the sequence and some observations on the mechanism of positive staining.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ferrite as a marker in absorption trials with chicks.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium output in pancreatic juice after pancreaticoduodenectomy.
MAGNESIUM	31P nuclear magnetic resonance study of phosphoribosyldiphosphate and its interaction with magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-sensitive cells of the pars intermedia and osmotic balance in the eel. I. Responses to changes in the environmental calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in children with vitamin D deficiency rickets.
MAGNESIUM	Testosterone metabolism by homogenates of human prostates with benign hyperplasia: effect of tissular concentrations of zinc, magnesium and copper.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on heat denaturation of DNA
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium sulfate on fetal heart rate baseline variability.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on the high-affinity binding of eosin to the (Na+ + K+)-ATPase.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of thrombin, acetyl salicylic acid and prostaglandins on spontaneous efflux of norepinephrine and beta-thromboglobulin from platelets in calcium/magnesium deficient environment.
MAGNESIUM	Reversible regulation by magnesium of chick embryo fibroblast proliferation.
MAGNESIUM	High concentration of sweat calcium, magnesium and phosphate in chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Brain serotonin and 5 hydroxyindolacetic acid and blood magnesium cation levels after cortical spreading depression.
MAGNESIUM	Cuprolinic Blue: a specific dye for single-stranded RNA in the presence of magnesium chloride. I. Fundamental aspects.
MAGNESIUM	Protection of insulin secretion by magnesium during islet culture: independence of cAMP/or insulin accumulation.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency on duodenal and ileal magnesium absorption and secretion.
MAGNESIUM	Cuprolinic Blue: a specific dye for single-stranded RNA in the presence of magnesium chloride. II. Practical applications for light microscopy.
MAGNESIUM	Lead, cadmium, iron, zinc, copper, manganese, calcium and magnesium in SPF male rats exposed to a dilution of automotive exhaust gas throughout their lives.
MAGNESIUM	Epidemiological studies on the relationship between sodium, potassium, calcium, and magnesium and arterial blood pressure.
MAGNESIUM	Safety and effects of potassium- and magnesium-containing low sodium salt mixtures.
MAGNESIUM	Histamine content and histidine decarboxylase activity in the spleen of the magnesium-deficient rat: comparison with the skin and peritoneal mast cells.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibitory effect of magnesium on the vocalization and fighting of cats treated with carbachol and eserine
MAGNESIUM	Binding and exchange of nucleotides on the chloroplast coupling factor CF1. The role of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, and zinc contents in organelles of prostatic origin in human seminal plasma.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on the calcium-dependent transient kinetics of sarcoplasmic reticulum ATPase, studied by stopped flow fluorescence and phosphorylation.
MAGNESIUM	Maternal and fetal liver enzymes of mid-to-term pregnant rats chronically treated with magnesium sulphate.
MAGNESIUM	Physiology and main implications of magnesium in osteo-articular pathology
MAGNESIUM	Binding of magnesium to myosin subfragment-1 ATPase.
MAGNESIUM	Temperature behavior of the gingiva after the administration magnesium compositum studied by intraoral liquid-crystal thermography
MAGNESIUM	Importance of magnesium for tooth development in Wistar rats
MAGNESIUM	A magnesium gas generator for the cultivation of anaerobic microorganisms
MAGNESIUM	Morphophysiological studies in experimental myocardial stress induced by isoproterenol. Note II. The myocardioprotector effect of magnesium ascorbate.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium and magnesium aspartate on experimental myocardial ischemia and infarction
MAGNESIUM	Contraction of rabbit skinned skeletal muscle fibers at low levels of magnesium adenosine triphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency and dietary overload in the male rat: magnesium levels in the various compartments of the reproductive system
MAGNESIUM	Study on pathological basis of yang-deficiency and yin-deficiency in patients with chronic nephritis by urinary analysis of creatinine, urea, potassium, phosphorus and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Effect of Radix ophiopogonis and a small dose of magnesium sulfate on hemodynamics after myocardial infarction, arrhythmia and the extent of myocardial infarction
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic activity of liver mitochondria from magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: recent findings in physiopathology, clinical aspects and therapy
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium chloride on smooth muscle actomyosin adenosine-5'-triphosphatase activity, myosin conformation, and tension development in glycerinated smooth muscle fibers.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium deficiency on magnesium metabolism of rats
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium deficiency on the magnesium metabolism of rats
MAGNESIUM	The effects of cadmium, manganese and aluminium on sodium-potassium-activated and magnesium-activated adenosine triphosphatase activity and choline uptake in rat brain synaptosomes.
MAGNESIUM	Blocking action of nickel, cobalt, manganese, and magnesium ions on the inward current through the potassium channel of Limnea stagnalis pond snail neurons
MAGNESIUM	Tetany associated with magnesium deficiency in suckling beef calves.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of 1,25-(OH)2D3 on jejunal absorption of magnesium in patients with chronic renal disease.
MAGNESIUM	Free metal ion depletion by "Good's" buffers. II. N-(2-acetamido)-2-aminoethanesulfonic acid (ACESH): complexes with calcium(II), magnesium(II), manganese(II), cobalt(II), zinc(II), nickel(II), and copper(II).
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, and serum factors in multiplication of normal and transformed human lung fibroblasts.
MAGNESIUM	A study of the rate of chelation of magnesium by CDTA and EDTA in the ATP (NA+ + K+)-ATPase system.
MAGNESIUM	A comparative crossover study on the treatment of heartburn and epigastric pain: Liquid Gaviscon and a magnesium--aluminium antacid gel.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium and the elimination of cyclic adenosine monophosphate in the urine in chronic kidney insufficiency
MAGNESIUM	Influence of refined cellulose on human bowel function and calcium and magnesium balance.
MAGNESIUM	Electron paramagnetic study of electron transport in photosynthetic systems. X. Effect of magnesium ions on the structural state of thylakoid membranes and the kinetics of electron transport between the two photosystems in bean chloroplasts
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium-dependent cell membrane alterations on the transport of K+ in Ehrlich ascites tumour cells.
MAGNESIUM	Certain aspects of the mechanism of intestinal transport of sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of vitamin D and diet magnesium on magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Factors controlling the metabolism of phosphatidate by phosphohydrolase and phospholipase A-type activities. Effects of magnesium, calcium and amphiphilic cationic drugs.
MAGNESIUM	Independent desensitization of beta-adrenergic receptor-regulated magnesium transport and cyclic AMP accumulation.
MAGNESIUM	Excess magnesium converts red cell (sodium+potassium) ATPase to the potassium phosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Selective depression of excitatory amino acid induced depolarizations by magnesium ions in isolated spinal cord preparations.
MAGNESIUM	Adenylate cyclase: the role of magnesium and other divalent cations.
MAGNESIUM	Energy-dependent activation and magnesium--dependent inactivation of hepatocyte hormone-sensitive phosphodiesterase.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of kavaine and magnesium orotate combination in the psycho - organic disorders of the elderly.
MAGNESIUM	Supranucleosomal structure of chromatin: digestion by calcium/magnesium endonuclease proceeds via a discrete size class of particles with elevated stability.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of urine, pyrophosphate, citrate, magnesium and glycosaminoglycans on the growth and aggregation of calcium oxalate crystals in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium and phosphorus response in the blood and tissues of the ovine injected with cholecalciferol.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of vitamin D sterols and dietary magnesium on calcium and phosphorous homeostasis.
MAGNESIUM	Extracellular magnesium is not required for beta adrenergic drug-receptor interactions in intact human lymphocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Substituting manganese for magnesium alters certain reaction properties of the (Na+ + K+)-ATPase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium dependence of sarcoplasmic reticulum calcium transport.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium effects on activation of skinned fibers from striated muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Nuclear location of ribonuclease H and increased level of magnesium-dependent ribonuclease H in rat liver on thioacetamide treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on presynaptic inhibition of monosynaptic reflexes
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular magnesium does not antagonize calcium-dependent acetylcholine secretion.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of calcium and magnesium ions on calcium pyrophosphate crystal formation in aqueous solutions.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of the PTH-receptor-cyclase system of canine kidney: effects of calcium, magnesium, and guanine nucleotides.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on (Na+ + K+)-activated ATPase. XLV. Magnesium induces two low-affinity non-phosphorylating nucleotide binding sites per molecule.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and N-ethylmaleimide on the binding of 3H-hydroxybenzylisoproterenol to beta-adrenergic receptors.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibitory action of magnesium thermophosphate on the fecundity of planorbids and its possible significance in the control of schistosomiasis mansoni
MAGNESIUM	Guanine nucleotide and magnesium ion regulation of the interaction of gonadotropic and beta-adrenergic receptors with their hormones: a comparative study using a single membrane system.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium promotes both parathyroid hormone secretion and adenosine 3',5'-monophosphate production in rat parathyroid tissues and reverses the inhibitory effects of calcium on adenylate cyclase.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium, phosphorus and magnesium responses to massive dosing of cholecalciferol (CC) and 25-OH-CC in young and aged ewes.
MAGNESIUM	Lack of benefit from magnesium in lithium toxicity.
MAGNESIUM	End-organ response to adrenocorticotropin, thyrotropin, gonadotropin-releasing hormone, and glucagon in hypocalcemic magnesium deficient patients.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium content on density-dependent regulation of the onset of DNA synthesis in transformed 3T3 cells.
MAGNESIUM	Hepatic gluconeogenic enzymes, plasma insulin and glucagon response to magnesium deficiency and fasting.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of phosphoinositides in the rat erythrocyte membrane. A reappraisal of the effect of magnesium on the 32P incorporation into polyphosphoinositides.
MAGNESIUM	5'-Nucleotidase activity enhanced by manganese and magnesium ions with inosine monophosphate substrate.
MAGNESIUM	Multiple activities on phosphorylase kinase. 1. Characterization of three partial activities by their response to calcium ion, magnesium ion, pH, and ammonium chloride and effect of activation by phosphorylation and proteolysis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium reduces affinities of antagonists at rat cortex alpha 2-adrenergic receptors labeled with 3H-clonidine: evidence for heterogeneity of alpha 2-receptor conformations with respect to antagonists.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium depletion in Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Dietary sodium bicarbonate and magnesium oxide for early postpartum lactating dairy cows: effects on production, acid-base metabolism, and digestion.
MAGNESIUM	Neutralization of acid in the rumen by magnesium oxide and magnesium carbonate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and diuretics.
MAGNESIUM	Purification and properties of magnesium- and manganese-dependent ribonucleases H from chick embryo.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium trisilicate and kaolin on the in vivo absorption of chloroquine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium regulation of the beta-receptor-adenylate cyclase complex. I. Effects of manganese on receptor binding and cyclase activation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium regulation of the beta-receptor-adenylate cyclase complex. II. Sc3+ as a Mg2 antagonist.
MAGNESIUM	Promotion of benign hyperplastic lesions by calcium, magnesium and cAMP, and inhibition of tumor progression by magnesium in hamster cheek pouch.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium net fluxes and distribution in rabbit myocardium in irreversible contracture.
MAGNESIUM	Localization of neutral magnesium-stimulated sphingomyelinase in plasma membrane of cultured neuroblastoma cells.
MAGNESIUM	Preformed magnesium hydroxide precipitate for second-step concentration of enteroviruses from drinking and surface waters.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of thyroid state on magnesium concentration of rat tissues.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium restores high K-induced inactivation of the fast Na channel in guinea pig ventricular muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Liberation of Schistosoma mansoni, Sambon, 1907 cercariae by Biomphalaria glabrata (Say, 1818) maintained in a medium with magnesium thermophosphate
MAGNESIUM	Experimental alcoholism induces phosphorus and magnesium deficiency in skeletal muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Electron probe x-ray microanalysis of various effector cells in three types of the human lymphocytic cytotoxicities against Chang liver cells and the human hepatoma cell line--the significance of calcium and magnesium in various effector cells
MAGNESIUM	Effect of antacids on mineral metabolism in persons with healthy kidneys. Double-blind study using an antacid containing magnesium aluminum silicate hydrate
MAGNESIUM	(Na+ + K+)-dependent adenosine triphosphatase. Regulation of inorganic phosphate, magnesium ion, and calcium ion interactions with the enzyme by ouabain.
MAGNESIUM	Distinctions in beta-adrenergic receptor interactions with the magnesium-guanine nucleotide coupling proteins in turkey erythrocyte and S49 lymphoma membranes.
MAGNESIUM	Resistance of the slow potential and inhibition of afferent input of the frog olfactory bulb to hypoxia and blockade of synaptic transmission by manganese, cobalt and magnesium ions
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and vascular tone and reactivity.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of buffering early lactation rations with sodium bicarbonate and magnesium oxide and subsequent withdrawal or addition effects.
MAGNESIUM	Unmasking of magnesium-dependent high-affinity binding sites for dAla2, dLeu5enkephalin after pretreatment of brain membranes with guanine nucleotides.
MAGNESIUM	Identification of high-affinity phorbol ester receptor in cytosol of EL4 thymoma cells: requirement for calcium, magnesium, and phospholipids.
MAGNESIUM	The cardiac relaxing system. Its nature, calcium ion capacity, and influence of hydrogen and magnesium ions on initial velocity of calcium binding.
MAGNESIUM	In vitro studies of the effect of sodium and potassium ions on magnesium transport across the isolated rumen mucosa of sheep
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-saving property of an aldosterone antagonist in the treatment of oedema of liver cirrhosis.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium and ouabain induce proliferation of rat thymic lymphocytes via calcium- and magnesium- dependent reactions.
MAGNESIUM	Pharmacological aspects of digoxin complex formation with calcium and magnesium cations
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of ribulose-1,5-diphosphate carboxylase with ribulose-1,5-diphosphate and with the magnesium ion by the spin label method
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium trisilicate and kaolin-pectin on the bioavailability of trimethoprim.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the calcium paradox: the occurrence of "spasmodic contractions" during Ca2+-Mg2+ -free perfusion of isolated rat heart.
MAGNESIUM	Stimulation of neutral, magnesium-stimulated sphingomyelinase activity in the neurohypophysis of the rat by hypertonic saline ingestion.
MAGNESIUM	Postsynaptic effects of magnesium and calcium at the mouse neuromuscular junction.
MAGNESIUM	Short-term effect of thiazides on magnesium and calcium metabolism and secondarily on that of phosphorus, uric acid, oxalate and cyclic AMP
MAGNESIUM	Pertussis toxin substrate, the putative Ni component of adenylyl cyclases, is an alpha beta heterodimer regulated by guanine nucleotide and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of histamine with adrenergic smooth-muscle neurotransmission. III. Significance of magnesium ions for the effects of histamine on contractions induced by endogenous noradrenaline.
MAGNESIUM	Essential requirement of magnesium ion for optimal activity of the NADPH oxidase of guinea pig polymorphonuclear leukocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the suppressive activity of splenic lymphocytes of mice induced in vitro by sodium periodate during magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of (Na+,K+)-ATPase by magnesium ions and inorganic phosphate and release of these ligands in the cycles of ATP hydrolysis.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of changes in external sodium, calcium, and magnesium concentrations on prolactin cells, skin, and plasma electrolytes of Gasterosteus aculeatus.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium on erythrocytic electrolytes in digitalis toxicity.
MAGNESIUM	Changes of serum magnesium ions in open heart surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary magnesium on the development of hypertension in the spontaneously hypertensive rat.
MAGNESIUM	Stimulation and inhibition by magnesium ions of intrinsic protein phosphorylating systems in synaptosomal membrane fragments from rat brain.
MAGNESIUM	Extracellular calcium potentiates the inhibitory effects of magnesium on parathyroid function in dispersed bovine parathyroid cells.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium gates glutamate-activated channels in mouse central neurones.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium on ion transport in short-circuited rabbit terminal ileum.
MAGNESIUM	Genetic variation in beta-adrenergic receptors in mice: a magnesium effect determined by a single gene.
MAGNESIUM	Modulation of protein synthesis in a cell-free system derived from rat brain by corticotropin (ACTH), magnesium, and spermine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate-induced water secretion in hamster small intestine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions potentiate the formation of adenosine 3',5'-monophosphate induced by depolarizing agents in the rat cerebral cortex in vivo.
MAGNESIUM	Problems with potassium and magnesium in diuretic-treated patients.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of the prophylactic use of magnesium trisilicate mixture B.P.C., sodium citrate mixture or cimetidine in obstetrics.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of sodium bicarbonate and magnesium oxide on digestion and metabolism in yearling beef steers abruptly changed from high forage to high energy diets.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the effects of magnesium ion and propranolol on iris muscle phosphatidate phosphohydrolase.
MAGNESIUM	Chelation of ambilhar with calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The determination of iron and magnesium in small glass fragments using flameless atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium trisilicate mixture BP. Its physical characteristics and effectiveness as a prophylactic.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of polyamines and magnesium with casein kinase II.
MAGNESIUM	Membrane alterations in magnesium-deficiency-induced malignant T cell lymphoma.
MAGNESIUM	Control of in vitro lymphocyte proliferation by copper, magnesium and zinc deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate, ionomycin or ouabain, and raised extracellular magnesium induce proliferation of chicken heart mesenchymal cells.
MAGNESIUM	Improved myocardial recovery from ischemia. Treatment with low-dose adenosine triphosphate-magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Treatment with high-dose oral vitamin D2 in patients with jejunoileal bypass for morbid obesity. Effects on calcium and magnesium metabolism, vitamin D metabolites, and faecal lag time.
MAGNESIUM	Disorder in the circladian rhythms of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus excretion in hypertension (use of the "cosinor" method)
MAGNESIUM	Endoscopic evaluation of the comparative effects of acetylsalicylic acid and choline magnesium trisalicylate on human gastric and duodenal mucosa.
MAGNESIUM	Proton exchange rates in transfer RNA as a function of spermidine and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of choline magnesium trisalicylate on prostacyclin production by isolated vascular tissue of the rat.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of maternally administered magnesium sulfate on the neonate.
MAGNESIUM	Beta cell membrane potential and insulin release; role of calcium and calcium:magnesium ratio.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions between magnesium and calcium in beta-cell-rich pancreatic islets.
MAGNESIUM	Renal magnesium transport.
MAGNESIUM	On the reliability of the magnesium serum value as an indicator of body magnesium status.
MAGNESIUM	On the effect of food magnesium level on the activity of BASP, ALAT, ASAT and LD in pig serum.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in cardiac disease.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical evaluation of choline magnesium trisalicylate in rheumatoid arthritis.
MAGNESIUM	Pathogenesis of arrhythmogenic changes due to magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Divalent cations in essential hypertension. Relations between serum ionized calcium, magnesium, and plasma renin activity.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism. Pathological states
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and sudden death.
MAGNESIUM	Oxygen-exchange studies on the pathways for magnesium adenosine 5'-triphosphate hydrolysis by actomyosin.
MAGNESIUM	The little observed ions: magnesium and phosphorus
MAGNESIUM	Serum levels of magnesium after kidney transplantation in relation to the function of the transplanted kidney, renal excretion of Mg and treatment with antacids containing Mg
MAGNESIUM	Efficacy and safety of a non-acetylated salicylate, choline magnesium trisalicylate, in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion induced proton release as a probe for the polyelectrolytic structure of ribosomal RNAs and subunits.
MAGNESIUM	Adjunctive use of magnesium sulfate with ritodrine for preterm labor tocolysis.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium deficiency on glucose stimulated insulin secretion in rats.
MAGNESIUM	The value of magnesium in flush solutions for human cadaveric kidney preservation.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of insufficient magnesium supply on fertility in rabbits
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium cation induced conformational change of yeast tRNAPhe as studied by singlet-singlet energy transfer.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium selectively inhibits N-methyl-aspartic acid-induced hypermotility after intra-accumbens injection.
MAGNESIUM	Impaired tubular reabsorption of magnesium after renal transplantation.
MAGNESIUM	Current concepts in the pathogenesis of gestosis with special reference to magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: nature's physiologic calcium blocker.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of Cytran, a magnesium-containing feed supplement on the properties of meat from of stress-resistant and stress-susceptible swine
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	Ureaplasma urealyticum-induced crystallization of magnesium ammonium phosphate and calcium phosphates in synthetic urine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport across cell membranes.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of diluents for serum magnesium estimation by atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular potassium after magnesium infusion.
MAGNESIUM	Evolution of analytical methods for the determination of calcium and magnesium in wines. A review.
MAGNESIUM	Cardiovascular toxicity of diuretics related to magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Increased extracellular production of a cholinesterase-solubilising factor by Cytophaga NCMB 1314 during magnesium starvation.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of diuretics on the renal handling of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulphate in arterial disease.
MAGNESIUM	Reversible retinal vasospasm in magnesium-treated hypertension despite no significant change in blood pressure.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma calcium and magnesium fractions in liver disease.
MAGNESIUM	A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of magnesium sulfate in the ethanol withdrawal syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Diuretics, magnesium deficiency, sudden death and coronary disease
MAGNESIUM	The antimicrobial properties of magnesium monoperoxyphthalate hexahydrate.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical and biochemical value of Magnesium + vitamin B6 combination in the treatment of residual autism in adults
MAGNESIUM	Effects of intravenous glucose or epinephrine injection on plasma concentrations of potassium, magnesium and insulin in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the heart
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in the prevention and control of hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium, magnesium and membranes. Review of present status and new findings.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium and potassium in the pathogenesis of arteriosclerosis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium in diabetes and carbohydrate metabolism. Review of the present status and recent results.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy in acute myocardial infarction--a double-blind study.
MAGNESIUM	Microcirculatory actions and uses of naturally-occurring (magnesium) and novel synthetic calcium channel blockers.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and diuretics.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium sulphate on the inhibition of human placental oestradiol-17beta dehydrogenase by adenosine triphosphate proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and diuretics.
MAGNESIUM	Some observations on the magnesium metabolism of the rabbit lens.
MAGNESIUM	Epinephrine is a hypophosphatemic hormone in man. Physiological effects of circulating epinephrine on plasma calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, parathyroid hormone, and calcitonin.
MAGNESIUM	The O2- generating oxidoreductase of human neutrophils: evidence of an obligatory requirement for calcium and magnesium for expression of catalytic activity.
MAGNESIUM	Correlation between manifestations of digoxin toxicity and serum digoxin, calcium, potassium, and magnesium concentrations and arterial pH.
MAGNESIUM	A comparison of mannitol and magnesium citrate preparations for double-contrast barium enema.
MAGNESIUM	Blood levels of leukocytes, glucose, urea, creatinine, calcium, inorganic phosphorus and magnesium in dairy heifers from three months of age to calving.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on blood pressure.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-stimulated, ATP-magnesium-dependent inactivation of pig liver glycogen synthase.
MAGNESIUM	A comparative double-blind trial of mannitol and magnesium citrate/bisacodyl (MCB) in the preparation of barium enema patients.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of phosphate depletion on magnesium homeostasis in rats.
MAGNESIUM	A preliminary report of early ECG changes in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Survival of normal and magnesium-deficient erythrocytes in rats: effect of magnesium-deficient diet vs. splenectomy.
MAGNESIUM	A comparative study of several agents alone and combined in protection of the rodent kidney from warm ischaemia: methylprednisolone, propranolol, furosemide, mannitol, and adenosine triphosphate-magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Leukocytes, packed cell volume, glucose, urea, calcium, inorganic phosphorus and magnesium in the blood of dairy cows.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for bicarbonate-dependent magnesium reabsorption.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of tubulin polymerization with ribose-modified analogs of GDP and GTP. Reduced inhibition with microtubule-associated proteins and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Fluorometric measurement of serum magnesium with a centrifugal analyzer.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport by brain mitochondria: energy requirement and dependence on Ca2+ fluxes.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of intracellular magnesium by Mg2+ efflux.
MAGNESIUM	Hypermagnesaemia and hypophosphataemia after ingestion of magnesium sulphate.
MAGNESIUM	Fasting plasma magnesium concentrations and glucose disposal in diabetes.
MAGNESIUM	Toxicological and pharmacological studies on magnesium deficiency in rats: histamine-metabolizing enzymes in some tissues of magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Haemodynamics, blood gas and metabolic changes after anaesthesia with chloral hydrate and magnesium sulphate in camels (Camelus dromedarius).
MAGNESIUM	The effect of Merichlery mineral water on the contents of magnesium and manganese in the hepatic cells and blood in cases of continuous imbibition.
MAGNESIUM	On the noninvasive measurement of intracellular free magnesium by 31P NMR spectroscopy.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on magnesium. 1. Contribution on its pharmacological effect
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiencies in cardiovascular diseases
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and arrhythmia
MAGNESIUM	Potassium and magnesium in the myocardial cell: general data
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the regulation of germ-tube formation in Candida albicans.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on magnesium. 2. Effect of magnesium chloride and magnesium aspartate hydrochloride on stress reactions
MAGNESIUM	Studies on magnesium. 3. Effect of magnesium aspartate hydrochloride on stress reactions in magnesium-deficient animals
MAGNESIUM	Automated calmagite compleximetric measurement of magnesium in serum, with sequential addition of EDTA to eliminate endogenous interference.
MAGNESIUM	A microassay for serum dialyzable calcium and magnesium by ion chromatography.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium on calcium inhibition of parathyroid adenylate cyclase.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of calcium and magnesium in patients with kidney calculi during different seasons
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium nucleotide is stoichiometrically trapped at the active site of myosin and its active proteolytic fragments by thiol cross-linking reagents.
MAGNESIUM	Coordination of magnesium with adenosine 5'-diphosphate and triphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Improved hepatic function and survival with adenosine triphosphate-magnesium chloride after hepatic ischemia.
MAGNESIUM	Blood and mast cell histamine levels in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions of dynein arms with b subfibers of Tetrahymena cilia: quantitation of the effects of magnesium and adenosine triphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Comparative level of magnesium in red and white human erythrocyte ghosts
MAGNESIUM	The calcium and magnesium binding sites on cardiac troponin and their role in the regulation of myofibrillar adenosine triphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium on kinetic parameters of soluble F1-ATPase from pig heart mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of quercetin on magnesium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase and the metabolism of human polymorphonuclear leukocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-magnesium homeostasis anf the tetany syndrome
MAGNESIUM	Purification and reconstruction of the calcium, magnesium ATPase of the erythrocyte membrane.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of divalent and trivalent cation binding on the transport and ATPase activity of calcium- and magnesium-dependent adenosine triphosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	The emergency management of disorders of calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of potassium and magnesium ions in the ATPase activity of heavy meromyosin
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium on calcium-activated, vascular smooth muscle actomyosin ATPase activity.
MAGNESIUM	Investigation of the bioelements zinc, copper and magnesium in acne-patients. A therapeutic study with zinc sulfate in a double-blind trial (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium in the homogenization medium on the state of a divalent cation-stimulated, diethylstilbestrol-sensitive adenylnucleotidyl phosphatase activity from pea stem microsomal preparations.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium ions on the interaction of corticosterone with the cytosol receptor(s) in the rat brain
MAGNESIUM	High concentrations of magnesium for formation of thick-filaments of chicken gizzard myosin.
MAGNESIUM	Renal oxalate excretion following oral oxalate loads in patients with ileal disease and with renal and absorptive hypercalciurias. Effect of calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-fluoride interrelationships in man II. Effect of magnesium on fluoride metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Formation of magnesium-phosphoenzyme and magnesium-calcium-phosphoenzyme in the phosphorylation of adenosine triphosphatase by orthophosphate in sarcoplasmic reticulum. Models of a reaction sequence.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of a low magnesium diet on some enzymes' activity in mucosa of rat's jejunum.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium aspartate hydrochloride on isoprenaline-induced cardiomegaly.
MAGNESIUM	Phosphorylation of calcium adenosinetriphosphatase by inorganic phosphate: reversible inhibition at high magnesium ion concentrations.
MAGNESIUM	Hemostatic action of ammonii magnesium phosphas and its effect on smooth muscles (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Cleansing of the colon using bisacodyl and magnesium sulfate
MAGNESIUM	Increased length of DNA made by virions of murine leukemia virus at limiting magnesium ion concentration.
MAGNESIUM	The human milk contents of iron, copper, zinc, calcium and magnesium in a population with a habitually high intake of iron.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium sulfate infusion on blood pressure and vascular responsiveness during pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency as a cause of serious arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium ions on the interactions of ox brain and liver glutamate dehydrogenase with ATP and GTP.
MAGNESIUM	Differences between magnesium-activated and manganese-activated pyruvate kinase from the muscle of Concholepas concholepas.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in a pregnancy six years after jejunoileal bypass.
MAGNESIUM	Chemical state of magnesium in plasma.
MAGNESIUM	Exchange of sodium by magnesium in aluminum hydroxycarbonate gel.
MAGNESIUM	Choline magnesium trisalicylate: comparative pharmacokinetic study of once-daily and twice-daily dosages.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption from the digestive tract of sheep.
MAGNESIUM	In vitro cadmium-DNA interactions: cooperativity of cadmium binding and competitive antagonism by calcium, magnesium, and zinc.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of occupational lead exposure on various elements in the human blood. Effects on calcium, cadmium, iron, copper, magnesium, manganese and zinc levels in the human blood, erythrocytes and plasma in vivo
MAGNESIUM	Metal ion-tetracycline interactions in biological fluids. Part 3. Formation of mixed-metal ternary complexes of tetracycline, oxytetracycline, doxycycline and minocycline with calcium and magnesium, and their involvement in the bioavailability of these antibiotics in blood plasma.
MAGNESIUM	Renal magnesium wasting associated with amphotericin B therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Ritodrine/magnesium for the treatment of premature labor.
MAGNESIUM	Addition of magnesium sulfate improves effectiveness of ritodrine in preventing premature delivery.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of calcium and magnesium deprivation on ovulation and ovum maturation in the perfused rabbit ovary.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of sample pH on results of plasma magnesium analysis.
MAGNESIUM	Impaired renal tubular reabsorption of magnesium (TRMg) in Ca-containing kidney stone formers.
MAGNESIUM	Differential compartmentation of magnesium and calcium in murine S49 lymphoma cells.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy in neonatal tetany.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium injection on foetal development.
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular free magnesium in neurones of Helix aspersa measured with ion-selective micro-electrodes.
MAGNESIUM	Role of dietary potassium and magnesium in diuretic-treated patients with cardiac insufficiency.
MAGNESIUM	A quantitative study of the calcium-magnesium antagonism in isolated strips of guinea-pig ileum.
MAGNESIUM	Isolation and partial characterization of kidney stone matrix induced by magnesium deficiency in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in human stones by inductively coupled plasma atomic-emission spectroscopy.
MAGNESIUM	A pharmacokinetic comparison of choline magnesium trisalicylate and soluble aspirin.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of serum total calcium, dialyzable calcium, and dialyzable magnesium in well and sick neonates.
MAGNESIUM	An experimental and clinical study on the effect of magnesium during cardiopulmonary bypass
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate in the treatment of toxemia of pregnancy and its influence on muscle relaxants used in general anesthesia
MAGNESIUM	Effect of aldosterone on the serum zinc, copper, and magnesium concentrations in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of aluminum as sulfate, chloride and citrate on magnesium and calcium metabolism in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental study on the optimal potassium and magnesium concentrations in the cardioplegic solution
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium content in fetuses at risk and prenecrotic Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ion upon the calcitonin content of rat thyroid.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium and magnesium abnormalities: diuretics and arrhythmias in hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	A comparison of intravenous and intramuscular magnesium sulfate regimens in preeclampsia.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption in mature ewes infused intrarumenally with magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemical effects in patients with calcium oxalate stone disease during combined treatment with bendroflumethiazide and magnesium oxide.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of changes in extracellular magnesium on the activity of the smooth muscles of vascular walls
MAGNESIUM	The pathophysiology of potassium and magnesium disturbances. A cardiac perspective.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency. Causes and clinical implications.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in coronary artery disease.
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular magnesium loss after diuretic administration.
MAGNESIUM	Diuretic-induced magnesium losses.
MAGNESIUM	Ventricular arrhythmias in patients with myocardial infarction and ischaemia. Relationship to serum potassium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of extracellular calcium and magnesium on junctional intercellular communication in human fibroblasts.
MAGNESIUM	Assessment of magnesium and aluminum in erythrocytes by the laser microprobe mass analyzer (LAMMA).
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary calcium, phosphorus and magnesium on intranephronic calculosis in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Hematuria and magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Skeletal myopathy and magnesium depletion: cellular mechanisms.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of calcium by magnesium in the contraction of rat aortic smooth muscle. I. Mathematical model of calcium and magnesium binding.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium kinetics and membrane potential in aorta of magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Reduction of the lethality and the nephrocalcinotic effect of single fluoride doses by magnesium in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of desoxycorticosterone acetate on magnesium metabolism in potassium-depleted rats.
MAGNESIUM	The hypocalcemia associated with magnesium infusion is mediated through parathyroid hormone.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption from the rumen of sheep proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Experimental study on the optimal sodium, potassium and magnesium concentrations in the cardioplegic solution
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	The myopathy of experimental magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium effects on renal conservation of magnesium in cows.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium intakes, balances, and blood levels of adults consuming self-selected diets.
MAGNESIUM	Action of magnesium on ventricular fibrillation
MAGNESIUM	The effects of infusion of calcium and magnesium ions on the cardiovascular system in man.
MAGNESIUM	Free amino acids and calcium, magnesium and zinc levels in Friedreich's ataxia.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on erythrocytic electrolytes in digitalis poisoning
MAGNESIUM	Comparative evaluation of structure and micromeritics properties of magnesium stearate.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of extracellular calcium and magnesium in the regulation of cytosolic calcium and PTH release in dispersed bovine parathyroid cells.
MAGNESIUM	Serum copper, zinc, magnesium and calcium in neonates.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in pulmonary tuberculosis.
MAGNESIUM	Hair and serum copper, zinc, calcium, and magnesium concentrations in Alzheimer-type dementia.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium and magnesium in different types of leprosy.
MAGNESIUM	Reference values of sodium, potassium, chloride, calcium, inorganic phosphate and magnesium levels in the cerebrospinal fluid of children
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in propranolol-treated patients with acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Prolonged Q-Tc interval and decreased lymphocyte magnesium in congestive heart failure.
MAGNESIUM	Dental caries models: effects of sucrose modified by fluoride and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Correlations between metabolisms of magnesium, calcium and parathormon (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between magnesium intake and fecal magnesium excretion of ruminants.
MAGNESIUM	Stimulation of tubular reabsorption of magnesium and calcium by antidiuretic hormone in conscious rats. Study in Brattleboro rats with hereditary hypothalamic diabetes insipidus.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and nicardipine in the cardioplegic solution on the coronary arteries and myocardium
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, zinc, magnesium, concentration in seminal plasma of infertile men with prostatitis.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and catecholamines on spontaneous contraction of pregnant human isthmic myometrium.
MAGNESIUM	Hygienic regulation of magnesium oxide aerosols in the atmosphere
MAGNESIUM	Plasma aldosterone, cortisol and electrolyte concentrations in physical exercise after magnesium supplementation.
MAGNESIUM	Data on the interrelations between a change in magnesium-phosphorus-calcium metabolism, accommodation function and the progression of myopia in children
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in diabetes mellitus.
MAGNESIUM	The secretion of calcium, magnesium and phosphatic ions in gastric juice of patients with some diseases of the stomach and duodenum (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Areas of magnesium ammonium phosphate nucleation in sterile, alkaline or acid urine
MAGNESIUM	Experimental magnesium ammonium phosphate lithiasis induced by Ureaplasma in the rat
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport by isolated rumen epithelium of sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of zinc, copper, magnesium and iron in renal diseases and their clinical significance
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and congestive heart failure--a clinical study of magnesium levels in patients with congestive heart failure
MAGNESIUM	Anti-arrhythmic action of magnesium sulfate in "torsade de pointes" ventricular arrhythmia
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium tetraborate in environmental monitoring with thermoluminescent dosimetry
MAGNESIUM	Role of electrolytes and digitalis-like activity in hypertension: effects of digitoxin, sodium, potassium and magnesium on blood pressure.
MAGNESIUM	Correlation between the C3 fraction of complement and magnesium levels in the erythrocytes and blood serum of patients with juvenile-onset diabetes mellitus
MAGNESIUM	Lead, cadmium, arsenic, copper, zinc, iron and magnesium content of muscles of slaughterhouse animals. I. Muscle tissue of swine, 1975-1983
MAGNESIUM	Fluid and electrolyte disorders. Magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions of magnesium and potassium on cardiac and vascular smooth muscle. International symposium, Montbazon, November 8-11, 1984.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, potassium and hormonal regulation.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium and potassium deficiency on renal elimination and cardiovascular function demonstrated by impedance cardiography.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium- and potassium-sparing effects of amiloride. Review and recent findings.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions of magnesium and potassium in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, and phosphate balances during very low calorie diets of soy or collagen protein in obese men: comparison to total fasting.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate in the treatment of variant angina.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemical evaluation of magnesium metabolism in infants and children. II. Magnesium level in 24-hour urine and hair
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-induced respiratory arrest in a parturient recovering from general anesthesia--a case report.
MAGNESIUM	Intrauterine synechiae complicated with threatened abortion and preterm labor. Combined therapy with terbutaline and magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium deprivation and supplementation in animals and man: aspects in view of intestinal absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium salts in preventing and treating digitalis poisoning
MAGNESIUM	Determination of magnesium, copper and zinc in biological samples using plasma emission spectrophotometry
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in nutrition
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the transmural electric potential difference in the region of stomach ulcer. Local effect of sucralfate, aluminum hydroxide and magnesium trisilicate
MAGNESIUM	Absorption and bioavailability of calcium and magnesium salts of indomethacin from rectal suppositories.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic imbalances of calcium, phosphorus, nitrogen and magnesium in diabetic patients
MAGNESIUM	Serum levels of aluminium and magnesium in animals and man after administration of high doses of almagate.
MAGNESIUM	Home study program. Magnesium, calcium, and phosphate imbalances; their clinical significance.
MAGNESIUM	Reduction of low weight birth, premature amniotic rupture and premature labor following additional magnesium therapy in high risk pregnancy treated with beta mimetics and cerclage
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium sulfate as an anticonvulsant in severe pregnancy toxemia and eclampsia
MAGNESIUM	Effect of endogenous factors on ash, calcium, magnesium, potassium, sodium, phosphorus, zink, iron, copper and manganese concentration in the pig bristle. 6. Effect of gender on mineral composition of pig bristle
MAGNESIUM	Additional magnesium therapy in tocolysis: clinico-chemical monitoring parameters
MAGNESIUM	Reduced frequency of gestoses in beta-mimetic treated risk pregnancies with added magnesium therapy
MAGNESIUM	Requirement of the light-harvesting pigment.protein complex for magnesium ion regulation of excitation energy distribution in chloroplasts.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium2+ and magnesium2+ on the electrophoretic mobility of chromaffin granules measured by electrophoretic light scattering.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion effect on the helix-coil transition of DNA.
MAGNESIUM	Study of trace elements--zinc, copper, iron and magnesium in ulcerative colitis and dysenteries.
MAGNESIUM	Does the supply of magnesium affect the feed intake in ruminants?
MAGNESIUM	Arrestment of caries in rats by adding fluoride and magnesium to the diet.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of magnesium absorption in man using stable 26Mg as a tracer.
MAGNESIUM	Intravenous vs. intramuscular magnesium sulfate for preeclampsia.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium and fluoride on the fermentative dissolution of enamel by a streptococcal layer as measured by microhardness tester and a proton probe microanalysis.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma magnesium and anticonvulsant therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Disturbed formation of dental tissues due to magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium depletion in patients with cancer.
MAGNESIUM	Prostaglandin-vasopressin interactions on the renal handling of calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Distribution and uptake of magnesium by developing deciduous bovine incisor enamel.
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular free magnesium in erythrocytes of essential hypertension: relation to blood pressure and serum divalent cations.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-phosphorus-magnesium metabolism in the primary teeth of children living in an area contaminated by fluorine compounds
MAGNESIUM	Guanine nucleotides and magnesium dependence of the association states of the subunits of transducin.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium content of cementum and dentin of healthy teeth and teeth affected with periodontolysis
MAGNESIUM	Stimulation of adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) by calcium, magnesium, and bicarbonate in rat pancreatic plasma membranes proceedings.
MAGNESIUM	Dopamine-sensitive adenylate cyclase from the rat caudate nucleus: regulation by guanyl nucleotides and the interaction of magnesium and magnesium ATP.
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium adenosine triphosphate in the contractile kinetics of insect fibrillar flight muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Diffusible magnesium in frog skeletal muscle cells.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium aluminosilicate on fluidity of pharmaceutical powder (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Renal cortical adenylate cyclase: characterization of magnesium activation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion-dependent contraction of skinned frog muscle fibers in calcium-free solution.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc, magnesium and calcium in coronary and peripheral blood under extracorporeal circulation conditions. Comparative studies
MAGNESIUM	Calcium efflux from cardiac sarcoplasmic reticulum: effects of calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium enhances local anesthetic nerve block of frog sciatic nerve.
MAGNESIUM	Value of serum magnesium estimation in diagnosing myocardial infarction and predicting dysrhythmias after coronary artery bypass grafting.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of adenosine triphosphate-magnesium chloride administration for post-ischemic acute renal failure (I)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of menopause and estrogen substitutional therapy on magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Direct measurement of intracellular free magnesium in frog skeletal muscle using magnesium-selective microelectrodes.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium contents and volume of the terminal cisternae in caffeine-treated skeletal muscle.
MAGNESIUM	The kinetics of magnesium adenosine triphosphate cleavage in skinned muscle fibres of the rabbit.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in magnesium in acute myocardial infarction
MAGNESIUM	Selective disorder of renal tubular magnesium transport in diabetes mellitus
MAGNESIUM	Theoretical evaluation of the nutritive value of daily food rations in boarding schools based on the results of laboratory analysis. II. Calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, iron and potassium
MAGNESIUM	Zinc, copper, magnesium, and calcium in blood and plasma after phlebotomy.
MAGNESIUM	Diuretic therapy, magnesium deficiency and lipid metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy for intractable ventricular tachyarrhythmias in normomagnesemic patients.
MAGNESIUM	Absence of in vivo and in vitro interactions of an aluminum hydroxide, magnesium hydroxide containing antacid with cimetidine in patients with peptic ulcer.
MAGNESIUM	Myocardial protection during ischemic cardiac arrest. The importance of magnesium in cardioplegic infusates.
MAGNESIUM	Genetic regulation of plasma and red blood cell magnesium concentration in man. II. Segregation analysis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in tumoral tissues, in the muscle and serum of subjects suffering from neoplasia.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium as a natural substitute for manganese in concanavalin A and other lectins.
MAGNESIUM	Nucleotide concentrations in cellular tissues during potassium and magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Photometric determination of magnesium oxide aerosols in the atmosphere
MAGNESIUM	Establishment of the maximum permissible concentration of magnesium chlorate in the atmosphere
MAGNESIUM	Site of magnesium and other macromineral absorption in steers fed high levels of potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Study of trace elements (Zinc, Iron, Copper) and Magnesium in normal healthy population.
MAGNESIUM	Cell-free translation of calf type III collagen. Effect of magnesium on ribosome movement during elongation.
MAGNESIUM	Metal ion-tetracycline interactions in biological fluids. 2. Potentiometric study of magnesium complexes with tetracycline, oxytetracycline, doxycycline, and minocycline, and discussion of their possible influence on the bioavailability of these antibiotics in blood plasma.
MAGNESIUM	Severe zinc deficiency: effects on the distribution of nine elements (potassium, phosphorus, sodium, magnesium, calcium, iron, zinc, copper and manganese) in regions of the rat brain.
MAGNESIUM	Impairment of ascorbic acid synthesis in liver extracts of magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of acute metabolic acid-base changes and furosemide on magnesium excretion in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of increasing dietary calcium and magnesium levels on performance, mineral metabolism, and egg mineral content of laying hens.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc, copper, magnesium and cadmium levels in the amniotic fluid in physiological pregnancy and pregnancy toxemia
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in pregnant women with the symptoms of EPH-gestosis and prolonged pregnancy
MAGNESIUM	Stability of mean assay values of magnesium and iron in lyophilized quality control serum: a study based on data from the quality assurance service (QAS) of the College of American Pathologists.
MAGNESIUM	Medium-chain triglyceride feeding in premature infants: effects on calcium and magnesium absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate as a tocolytic agent.
MAGNESIUM	Renal excretion of calcium and magnesium in patients with chronic renal failure in relation to seasons
MAGNESIUM	Hygienic regulations on the minimal level of magnesium in drinking water
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on the membrane activity and contraction of the circular muscle of rat myometrium during late pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental studies on hypomagnesemia in ruminants: effects of varying calcium content in low-magnesium diets on serum concentrations of magnesium and calcium, and heart rate in lactating ewes.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of calcium, magnesium, oxalate and citrate in duodenal ulcer patients. Preliminary results before and up to five years after highly selective vagotomy.
MAGNESIUM	Tissue mineral levels in victims of sudden infant death syndrome II. Essential minerals: copper, zinc, calcium, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium, magnesium and zinc concentrations in the serum, granulocytes and lymphocytes of patients with arterial hypertension treated with hydrochlorothiazide
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and calcium on mitochondrial and cytosolic liver aldehyde dehydrogenases.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and deaths ascribed to ischaemic heart disease in South Africa. A preliminary report.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium output after a single dose of indapamide in healthy adults.
MAGNESIUM	Immunomodulating and cholesecretory effects of chloride-sulfate potassium-magnesium-sodium mineral water in chronic cholecystitis and hepatitis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels of the serum and cerebrospinal fluid in various neurologic diseases
MAGNESIUM	Effect of variations in fat and linoleic acid intake on the calcium, magnesium and iron balance of young men.
MAGNESIUM	Dose-dependent reduction in renal magnesium clearance by amiloride during frusemide-induced diuresis in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of serum and urine magnesium with a centrifugal analyzer.
MAGNESIUM	Modification of a rapid method of using magnesium culture medium for isolation of Salmonella from water
MAGNESIUM	Sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, copper, iron and zinc levels in umbilical cord blood.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in viral hepatitis.
MAGNESIUM	Pseudogout with low values of magnesium and low alkaline phosphatase activity in synovial fluid.
MAGNESIUM	Balance and urinary excretion of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in response to high concentrate feeding and lactate infusion in lambs.
MAGNESIUM	Spectral studies of magnesium porphyrin--apomyoglobin and apohemoglobin complexes.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of the administration of intravenous magnesium in hyperparathyroidism secondary to liver cirrhosis
MAGNESIUM	Plasma copper, zinc and magnesium levels in patients with primary lung cancer
MAGNESIUM	Biochemical evaluation of dietary magnesium and zinc intake in infants and children. Preliminary studies
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and phosphorus--the forgotten electrolytes
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in cystic fibrosis.
MAGNESIUM	Concentrations of lead, magnesium, calcium, zinc and cadmium in twenty rabbit tissues after exposure to low lead doses and atherogenic diet.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of fluoride, silicon, and magnesium on the mineralizing capacity of an inorganic medium and stone formers urine tested by a modified in vitro method.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for a magnesium-sparing action by amiloride during renal clearance studies in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium supplementation on bone turnover in the normal young mouse.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium and consumed water magnesium levels in cases of acute myocardial infarction and in controls.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of two separation techniques for the determination of blood mononuclear cell magnesium content.
MAGNESIUM	Dietary magnesium intake and the concentration of magnesium in plasma and erythrocytes of postpartum women.
MAGNESIUM	Maternal dietary magnesium effects on lactation success and on milk yield and composition in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of manganese on the distribution of essential trace elements. II. The tissue distribution of manganese, magnesium, zinc, iron, and copper in rats after chronic manganese exposure.
MAGNESIUM	Incompatibility of magnesium sulfate and hydrocortisone sodium succinate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in potassium-depleted rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and fluoride on acid resistance of remineralized enamel.
MAGNESIUM	Fecal excretion of soluble magnesium by humans.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and congestive heart failure
MAGNESIUM	Extraction and separation of androstenedione from products of aromatase assays on micro-columns of magnesium oxide.
MAGNESIUM	Foetal and maternal magnesium metabolism: effect of magnesium deficiency and isoproterenol.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy in preeclampsia--eclampsia
MAGNESIUM	Effect of phosphate or magnesium cathartics on serum calcium: observations in normocalcemic patients.
MAGNESIUM	Seminal plasma magnesium, calcium and inorganic phosphate concentration in normozoospermic and subfertile men.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in cardiology
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium on the anticoagulant action of heparin.
MAGNESIUM	Bioavailability of indomethacin calcium and magnesium, and effect of the salts on drug metabolizing enzyme activities in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium-dependent activation of tryptophan hydroxylase by ATP and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of the calcium- and magnesium-induced structural changes of troponin--C. A proton magnetic resonance study.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary calcium on growth, calcium, magnesium and phosphorus contents and fatty acid composition of individual tissues in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Serum zinc, magnesium and calcium status in the Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of magnesium in the human sera with xylidyl-blue I. I. The effect of phosphate ion
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate and pain caused by succinylcholine
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium content of the trabecular bone in diabetic subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical significance of blood zinc, copper, cadmium and magnesium determinations in acute myocardial infarction
MAGNESIUM	Effect of supplemented magnesium from magnesium oxide or dolomitic limestone upon digestion and absorption of minerals in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in cases of acute myocardial infarction and its prognostic significance.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency after ileal resections for Crohn's disease.
MAGNESIUM	Hydrolysis of Dicalcium phosphate dihydrate in presence of magnesium &amp; fluoride ions in aqueous media.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions of aluminum, magnesium, and calcium ions with nalidixic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Pharmacologic inhibition of cerebral vasospasm in ischemia, hallucinogen ingestion, and hypomagnesemia: barbiturates, calcium antagonists, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of magnesium in pregnant women. I. Comparative study between normal pregnant women and those with pathology
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium circadian rhythm in human adults with respect to age, sex and mental status.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of antacids with antiarrhythmics. V. Effect of aluminium hydroxide and magnesium oxide on the bioavailability of quinidine, procainamide and propranolol in dogs.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of decreased and increased magnesium supply on the cardiotoxic effects of epinephrine in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and urine electrolyte behavior under therapeutic dosage of a potent magnesium and aluminum hydroxide containing antacid
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium contents of human milk during early lactation.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium binding to myosin in controlling the state of cross-bridges in skeletal rabbit muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Diurnal variations of calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium in normal and calcium oxalate stone-forming urine.
MAGNESIUM	Renal magnesium wasting, incomplete tubular acidosis, hypercalciuria and nephrocalcinosis in siblings.
MAGNESIUM	Dye binding probes of lipid-binding structures. An investigation of 2-p-toluidinylnaphthylene-6-sulfonate binding to human and bovine prothrombin and fragment 1 in the presence and absence of calcium and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of low medium magnesium concentration on bone resorption in response to parathyroid hormone and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D in organ culture.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 on calcium and magnesium absorption in the healthy human jejunum and ileum.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of metallic magnesium and various magnesium salts on the oviposition of Biomphalaria glabrata (Say, 1818)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on energy metabolism and protein synthesis by liver.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate in the management of acute intrapartum fetal distress.
MAGNESIUM	Cardiovascular alterations in severe pregnancy-induced hypertension: acute effects of intravenous magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug choline magnesium trisalicylate on gastric mucosal cell exfoliation.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of calcium oxalate urolithiasis with pyridoxine and magnesium in an experiment
MAGNESIUM	Digitoxin blood picture and renal elimination in long-term therapy with aluminum-magnesium hydroxide gel
MAGNESIUM	Thermal behavior of bone and synthetic hydroxyapatites submitted to magnesium interaction in aqueous medium.
MAGNESIUM	Mechanism of freeze-thaw instability of aluminum hydroxycarbonate and magnesium hydroxide gels.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and digitalis toxicity.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy for torsades de pointes.
MAGNESIUM	Iron, copper, zinc, calcium, and magnesium in human milk fat.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and hypertension: correlation between magnesium-deficient diets and microcirculatory changes in situ.
MAGNESIUM	Alcohol consumption and magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Compatibility of magnesium sulfate solutions with various antibiotics during simulated Y-site injection.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of a subcutaneously growing Walker 256 carcinosarcoma on host tissue mitochondrial function and magnesium content.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition by magnesium and calcium acetates of lead subacetate- and nickel acetate-induced lung tumors in strain A mice.
MAGNESIUM	Once-daily treatment of rheumatoid arthritis with choline magnesium trisalicylate.
MAGNESIUM	Uptake of magnesium by chromaffin granules in vitro: role of the proton electrochemical gradient.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of magnesium sulfate, terbutaline and a placebo for inhibition of preterm labor. A randomized study.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, the mimic/antagonist to calcium.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc, copper and magnesium kinetics during desferrioxamine treatment in uremic patients.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of tetrodotoxin, calcium and magnesium on the release of amino acids from slices of guinea-pig cerebral cortex.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, an essential factor in the pathogenesis and therapy of diseases of civilization
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in congestive heart failure.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium infusion in decompensated hypomagnesemic patients.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption in human subjects from leafy vegetables, intrinsically labeled with stable 26Mg.
MAGNESIUM	Elemental isotopic abundance determinations of magnesium in biological materials by secondary ion mass spectrometry.
MAGNESIUM	Direct determination of calcium and magnesium in serum using flow-injection analysis and atomic absorption spectroscopy.
MAGNESIUM	Blood magnesium constancy with vitamin B-6 supplementation in pre- and post-menopausal women.
MAGNESIUM	Different inhibitory sites of action for magnesium and verapamil in the bovine adrenal medulla.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of thyroid status on renal calcium and magnesium handling.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship of potassium and magnesium concentrations in serum to cardiac arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary calcium and magnesium variations during sodium cellulose phosphate treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium homeostasis in patients with renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium load induced by ingestion of magnesium-containing antacids.
MAGNESIUM	Does magnesium excess play a role in renal osteodystrophy?
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of tumor growth by magnesium depletion of rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and sports
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium studies in hemodialysis patients before and after treatment with low dialysate magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemical evaluation of magnesium metabolism in infants and children. I. Metabolic balance of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport in the proximal straight tubule of the rabbit.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium binding and conformational change of DNA in chromatin.
MAGNESIUM	Verapamil pretreatment preserves mitochondrial function and tissue magnesium in the ischemic kidney.
MAGNESIUM	Role of H-2 and non-H-2 genes in the control of blood magnesium levels.
MAGNESIUM	Enhancement of gentamicin nephrotoxicity by magnesium depletion in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and erythrocyte magnesium in newborn infants
MAGNESIUM	Noninvolvement of histamine and prostaglandins in the dermatosis of magnesium-deficient hairless rats.
MAGNESIUM	The opposite effects of magnesium and calcium on the contraction of the guinea-pig ventricular myocardium in dependence on the sodium concentration.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium metabolism in patients with allergic-infectious bronchial asthma
MAGNESIUM	Immunoreactive parathyroid hormone, calcium, and magnesium in human cerebrospinal fluid.
MAGNESIUM	Efficacy of a large magnesium alloy rumen bolus in the prevention of hypomagnesemic tetany in cows.
MAGNESIUM	Analysis of the mechanism of the magnesium effect on the warfarin-albumin interaction.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Properties of gonadotropin-stimulable adenylyl cyclase of the human corpus luteum: regulation of hormonal responsiveness by guanyl nucleotide and magnesium ion.
MAGNESIUM	An evaluation of the parenteral magnesium load test in weanling rats.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in plasma, red blood cell and cerebrospinal fluid mineral concentrations in calves during magnesium depletion followed by repletion with rectally infused magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary phosphorus on phosphate, calcium and magnesium homeostasis. Possible role of renal adaptation mechanism
MAGNESIUM	Parathyroid hormone secretion rate in magnesium deficient calves.
MAGNESIUM	Renal and systemic magnesium metabolism during chronic continuous PTH infusion in normal subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of head-out water immersion on the urinary excretion of phosphate, calcium and magnesium in the awake dog.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium sulfate on electroencephalographic findings in preeclampsia-eclampsia.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in Greenland Eskimos.
MAGNESIUM	The use of magnesium sulfate in the management of acute fetal distress.
MAGNESIUM	Threatened premature labor in placenta praevia and magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium therapy in massive digoxin intoxication.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium in children with schizophrenia and major depression.
MAGNESIUM	Rapid measurement of serum magnesium with a kit.
MAGNESIUM	Labile magnesium reserves in beef cows subjected to different prepasture supplementation regimens.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary phytate, calcium and magnesium levels on zinc bioavailability to rats.
MAGNESIUM	Reduction of plasma lecithin--cholesterol acyltransferase activity by acute magnesium deficiency in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium depletion on thyroid function in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary calcium on renal calcium, magnesium and phosphate excretion by the rabbit.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of glucose, ammonium and magnesium availability on the production of protease and bacitracin by Bacillus licheniformis.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma magnesium levels as influenced by cold exposure in fed or fasted sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Amounts and distribution of intracellular magnesium and calcium in pancreatic beta-cells.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of oral magnesium chloride therapy on the QTc and QUc intervals of the electrocardiogram.
MAGNESIUM	Superior action of magnesium-lidocaine-1-aspartate cardioplegia to glucose-insulin-potassium cardioplegia in experimental myocardial protection.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of different magnesium levels in kidney preservation perfusate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and renal stone disease.
MAGNESIUM	Improved catecholamine histofluorescence in the developing brain based on the magnesium and aluminum (ALFA) perfusion techniques: methodology and anatomical observations.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in children
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium hydroxide in renal stone disease.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of pyridoxine and magnesium on autistic symptoms--initial observations.
MAGNESIUM	Immune T lymphocyte to tumor cell adhesion. Magnesium sufficient, calcium insufficient.
MAGNESIUM	Deficiencies of phosphorus, magnesium and potassium during total parenteral nutrition (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Enrichment of CO2 and magnesium in early stages of biomineralization.
MAGNESIUM	The compression properties of magnesium and calcium carbonates.
MAGNESIUM	Diagnosing magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of buffer composition and deoxygenation on the concentration of ionized magnesium inside human red blood cells.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of acute ethanol intoxication, chronic ethanol intoxication, and ethanol withdrawal on magnesium and calcium metabolism in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in patients with chronic ischemic heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	New calcium indicators and buffers with high selectivity against magnesium and protons: design, synthesis, and properties of prototype structures.
MAGNESIUM	Pancreatic, gallbladder, and intestinal responses to intraluminal magnesium salts in man.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium orotate on dental hard tissue in undernourished rats
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions and the control of the cell cycle in yeast.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium status and intravenous requirements in patients with chronic inflammatory bowel disease requiring intravenous nutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on lipid-induced calcification: an in vitro model for bone mineralization.
MAGNESIUM	In vivo and in vitro responses to magnesium sulphate in porcine malignant hyperthermia.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of the beta-galactosidase conformations induced by D-galactal and by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: the neglected cation.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the effect of the amount of calcium in the prepartum diet on blood levels of calcium, magnesium, inorganic phosphorus, parathyroid hormone and hydroxyproline in milk fever prone cows.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, zinc, and nitrogen balance in patients with severe short bowel syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolic effects of a low-magnesium diet in pigs.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium ion on parathyroid hormone secretion in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Characteristic molar ratios of magnesium, carbon dioxide, calcium and phosphorus in the mineralizing fracture callus and predentine.
MAGNESIUM	Dysphagia and vertical nystagmus in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Dysphagia in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	A thermodynamic analysis of the binding of calcium and magnesium ions to parvalbumin.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for lipopolysaccharides of rough Escherichia coli strain J5 and Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium buffering in intact human red blood cells measured using the ionophore A23187.
MAGNESIUM	Antimetabolite sensitivity and magnesium uptake by thermally stressed Vibrio parahaemolyticus.
MAGNESIUM	Use of a pH-stat to indicate the end-point in titration of calcium plus magnesium in milk and whey.
MAGNESIUM	The significance of magnesium in medicine. (I) Biological function, homeostasis, ingestion and excretion (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	The significance of magnesium in medicine. (II) Disturbances of magnesium metabolism and their treatment (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of deficiency anemias with magnesium, iron and a combination of these, in children of the Odorhein-Secuiese city day-nurseries (clinical and therapeutic study)
MAGNESIUM	Calcium homeostasis and bone pathology in magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Some observations on the magnesium metabolism of the amphibian lens.
MAGNESIUM	Diabetic ketoacidosis and magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma phosphorus and magnesium values during treatment of severe diabetic ketoacidosis.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism in the cytosol of intact isolated cattle rod outer segments as indicator for cytosolic calcium and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Pathobiochemistry of mineral and trace elements. III. Magnesium concentration in whole blood and serum of pregnant women and newborn (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of ionized calcium and soluble magnesium on the predictability of the performance of Mueller-Hinton agar susceptibility testing of Pseudomonas aeruginosa with gentamicin.
MAGNESIUM	Relations between blood magnesium and the H-2 system in the mouse
MAGNESIUM	MCN Pharmacopoeia. Magnesium sulfate: eclampsia. Management; effects on neonates.
MAGNESIUM	Evidence that the platelet plasma membrane is impermeable to calcium and magnesium complexes of A23187. A23187-induced secretion is inhibited by MG2+ and Ca2+, and requires aggregation and active cyclooxygenase.
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in the origin of reno-urinary calcium oxalate lithiasis
MAGNESIUM	Chloroplast biogenesis: detection of a magnesium protoporphyrin diester pool in plants.
MAGNESIUM	alpha-Lactalbumin binds magnesium ions: study by means of intrinsic fluorescence technique.
MAGNESIUM	The levels of zinc, copper, calcium and magnesium in serum and urine after heart-valve replacement. Effects of oxygenator type and postoperative parenteral nutrition.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium dependence of sodium-pump-mediated sodium-potassium and sodium-sodium exchange in intact human red cells.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium of transfection and transformation in Bacillus subtilis.
MAGNESIUM	Properties of the hormonally responsive rabbit luteal adenylyl cyclase: effects of guanine nucleotides and magnesium ion on stimulation by gonadotropin and catecholamines.
MAGNESIUM	Uptake of magnesium into the brain of the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Susceptibility of Pseudomonas aeruginosa to aminoglycosides: effect of free calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Serum and cerebrospinal fluid calcium and magnesium levels in cases of idiopathic grand mal epilepsy and induced convulsions.
MAGNESIUM	Stabilization of 30 S ribosomal subunits of Bacillus subtilis W168 by spermidine and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Electrolyte changes and acid base balance after alcohol withdrawal, with special reference to rum fits and magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium infusions on magnesium and nitrogen balance during parenteral nutrition.
MAGNESIUM	The determination of ultrafiltrable calcium and magnesium in serum.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between red blood cell magnesium level and immune response in the mouse
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium binding to gamma-carboxyglutamic acid-containing peptides via metal ion nuclear magnetic resonance.
MAGNESIUM	The interaction of lithium and time-of-day on calcium, magnesium, parathyroid hormone, and calcitonin in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Different doses and routes of magnesium sulfate administration in treating severe preeclamptic and eclamptic patients.
MAGNESIUM	Copper, zinc and magnesium plasma levels in epilepsy.
MAGNESIUM	Lithium effects on calcium, magnesium and phosphate in man: effects on balance, bone mineral content, faecal and urinary excretion.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium, magnesium, and zinc on ticarcillin and tobramycin alone and in combination against Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of calcium, phosphorus and magnesium in rats subjected to malnutrition in different stages of the gestational period
MAGNESIUM	Serum zinc, copper and magnesium levels in normal Chinese adults
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium deficiency in convulsive syndromes in children
MAGNESIUM	Free magnesium in sheep, ferret and frog striated muscle at rest measured with ion-selective micro-electrodes.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium on the aggregation and the release reaction produced by thrombin and calcium ionophores in rabbit washed platelets.
MAGNESIUM	Saturation kinetics of magnesium efflux across the rumen wall in heifers.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium after maximal physical exertion and its relation to certain indicators of physical fitness
MAGNESIUM	Ultrafiltrable calcium and magnesium in ultrafiltrates of serum prepared with the Amicon MPS-1 system.
MAGNESIUM	Turbidimetric assay of penicillin in feeds: addition of magnesium sulfate to eliminate chlortetracycline interference.
MAGNESIUM	Automated determination of crude protein, phosphorus, calcium, iron, and magnesium in feeds by using stopped-flow analyzer.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and lactose supplementation on bone metabolism in the X-linked hypophosphatemic mouse.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemical functions of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Review article. Magnesium deficiency provoked by diuretics.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium--distribution and basic metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Maximal oxygen consumption as related to magnesium, copper, and zinc nutriture.
MAGNESIUM	Correlation between gallbladder size and release of cholecystokinin after oral magnesium sulfate in man.
MAGNESIUM	The metabolism of CDP-diacylglycerol and phosphatidylinositol in the microsomal fraction of rat liver. Effects of chlorpromazine, magnesium and manganese.
MAGNESIUM	Activation of glucose isomerase by magnesium and cobalt ions
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of ADP and magnesium with the active site of myosin subfragment-1 observed by reactivity changes of the critical thiols and by direct binding methods at low and high ionic strength.
MAGNESIUM	Dynamic changes in intact crystalline lens metabolism modulated by alkaline earth metals: I. Effects of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The role of parathyroid hormone and calcitonin in magnesium absorption in the rat small intestine.
MAGNESIUM	Potentiation of magnesium sulfate--induced neuromuscular weakness by gentamicin, tobramycin, and amikacin.
MAGNESIUM	Renal calcium and magnesium handling in water immersion in nephrotic patients.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium, aluminium, magnesium and cholestyramine on hyperoxaluria in patients with jejunoileal bypass.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of the dehydrogenase activity of sheep liver cytoplasmic aldehyde dehydrogenase by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Reduced faecal blood loss in patients receiving choline magnesium trisalicylate ('Trilisate') when compared with aspirin.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary magnesium deficiency on thallium-20 1 kinetics and distribution in rat myocardium: concise communication.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate and digitalis-toxic arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	Red blood cell, serum and tissue magnesium levels in subjects with laryngeal carcinoma.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of microflora and lactose on the absorption of calcium, phosphorus and magnesium in the hindgut of the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Supply of magnesium in cattle
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium and evoked responses in the cat's cerebral cortex.
MAGNESIUM	Risk of myocardial infarction in Finnish men in relation to fluoride, magnesium and calcium concentration in drinking water.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium nutrition in human hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	Potentiation of magnesium-induced neuromuscular weakness by gentamicin.
MAGNESIUM	Tubular reabsorptive capacity for magnesium in the dog kidney.
MAGNESIUM	Chlortetracycline as a probe of membrane-associated calcium and magnesium: interaction with red cell membranes, phospholipids, and proteins monitored by fluorescence and circular dichroism.
MAGNESIUM	The role of urinary excretion of magnesium in patients with urolithiasis with special respect to recurrence rate of stone formation (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Time-dependent excretion of lithium, sodium, potassium, rubidium, magnesium and strontium in the urine of a multiple sclerosis patient.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium deficiency and excess on bovine coronary artery tone and responses to agonists.
MAGNESIUM	Is there a role for routine estimations of plasma magnesium?
MAGNESIUM	Interrelationship of calcium and magnesium in the case of a varying magnesium content in the diet of jaw fracture patients
MAGNESIUM	Transport of ornithine carbamoyltransferase precursor into mitochondria. Stimulation by potassium ion, magnesium ion, and a reticulocyte cytosolic protein(s).
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium stores and anemia in young Japanese quail.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium, oxytocin, and prostaglandin F2 alpha on the generation and propagation of excitation in the longitudinal muscle of rat myometrium during late pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Fasting and ketogenic diet effects on audiogenic seizures susceptibility of magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Vitreous humor magnesium in alcoholics.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium to increase sensitivity of Limulus amoebocyte lysate for detection of endotoxin.
MAGNESIUM	Further studies of the concentration of magnesium ion (Mg++) in blood from patients with autoimmune diseases.
MAGNESIUM	Parathyroid function and magnesium depletion in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Nonspecific manifestations of inhalation exposure to magnesium oxide
MAGNESIUM	Data on the hygienic standard for magnesium chlorate in reservoir water
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary potassium on absorption of magnesium and other macroelements in sheep fed different levels of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of potassium level on site of absorption of magnesium and other macroelements in sheep.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of citric acid on inhibition of chlortetracycline activity by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of maternal magnesium deficiency on tissue lead content of rats.
MAGNESIUM	Convenient method of simultaneously analyzing aluminum and magnesium in pharmaceutical dosage forms using californium-252 thermal neutron activation.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of mixing time of magnesium stearate on the tableting properties of dried microcrystalline cellulose.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency-induced spasms of umbilical vessels: relation to preeclampsia, hypertension, growth retardation.
MAGNESIUM	Copper, zinc, magnesium and cadmium levels of breast milk of Indian women.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and milk fever.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of changes in magnesium ion concentration on cat cerebral arterioles.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary aluminum on magnesium status of cows.
MAGNESIUM	Protective effects of dietary calcium and magnesium on platelet function and atherosclerosis in rabbits fed saturated fat.
MAGNESIUM	Choice of a satisfactory evacuated blood-collection tube for magnesium and zinc assays.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the blood magnesium level in patients with chronic cor pulmonale during treatment
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in binding of the nucleotide polyphosphate chain to the active site of myosin subfragment-1.
MAGNESIUM	The determination of the free magnesium level in the human red blood cell by 31P NMR.
MAGNESIUM	Hormone-sensitive magnesium transport in murine S49 lymphoma cells: characterization and specificity for magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The kidney and magnesium regulation.
MAGNESIUM	"Is magnesium depletion the reason for ototoxicity caused by aminoglycosides?".
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and tissue levels of magnesium in chronically hemodialyzed patients: effects of dialysate magnesium levels.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of increasing the calcium and magnesium content of the drinking water on performance and bone and plasma minerals of broiler chickens.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium oxide as cause of metal fume fever
MAGNESIUM	Prophylaxis and treatment of magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of the extracellular concentration of calcium, magnesium and sodium on the repolarizing phase of the receptor potential of the Limulus ventral nerve photoreceptor.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of the thyroid and parathyroid glands on magnesium metabolism during mineralocorticoid treatment (DOCA + NaCl) in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Seminal plasma zinc and magnesium in infertile men.
MAGNESIUM	Serum levels of parathormone, calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in the perinatal period
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the nutrition of rainbow trout (Salmo gairdneri). Magnesium deficiency: the effect of feeding with a Mg-supplemented diet.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium oxide induced metabolic alkalosis in cattle.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium acetates on the carcinogenicity of cadmium chloride in Wistar rats.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between small bowel transit time and absorption of a solid meal. Influence of metoclopramide, magnesium sulfate, and lactulose.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium and magnesium levels in chronic schizophrenics.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma calcium, copper, magnesium, and zinc concentrations in patients with the alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
MAGNESIUM	Dependence of noise-induced hearing loss upon perilymph magnesium concentration.
MAGNESIUM	Intravenous magnesium--potential hazard of inadequate mixing.
MAGNESIUM	Absorption of sulfate from orally administered magnesium sulfate in man.
MAGNESIUM	Carcinogenesis from the standpoint of view of molecular geometry and synergism: relevance of oxygen and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Value of behavior scales and urinary homovanillic acid determinations in monitoring the combined treatment with vitamin B6 and magnesium of children displaying autistic behavior
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on 45Ca uptake and release at different sites in rabbit aortic smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	On the effect of food magnesium level on serum magnesium, molar Mg:Ca and potassium value in pigs.
MAGNESIUM	Muscle calcium and magnesium content in Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium on in vitro fertilization in human
MAGNESIUM	Genetic regulation of plasma and red blood cell magnesium concentrations in man. I. Univariate and bivariate path analyses.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium aspartate as a cardioprotective agent and adjuvant in tocolysis with betamimetics. Animal experiments on the kinetics and calcium antagonist action of orally administered magnesium aspartate with special reference to simultaneous vitamin B administration
MAGNESIUM	Pathophysiology and therapy of magnesium deficiency in pregnancy
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and zinc deficiency and growth retardation in offspring of alcoholic rats.
MAGNESIUM	Energy and nutrient supply during childhood. VI. Calcium, phosphorus, magnesium (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Semen electrolytes in normal and infertile cases. I. Sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Sonic vibration induces the nucleation of actin in the absence of magnesium ions and cytochalasins inhibit the elongation of the nuclei.
MAGNESIUM	1,25 dihydroxycholecalciferol treatment of uraemic rats after high magnesium feeding.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma 1,25 hydroxycholecalciferol concentrations and net intestinal calcium, phosphate and magnesium absorption in man.
MAGNESIUM	Blood levels of parathyroid hormone, calcitonin, calcium and magnesium in patients with diffuse toxic goiter
MAGNESIUM	31P nuclear magnetic resonance of phosphonic acid analogues of adenosine nucleotides as functions of pH and magnesium ion concentration.
MAGNESIUM	Study of copper, zinc, magnesium and cadmium in ICC patients, parents and siblings.
MAGNESIUM	Oral magnesium load test for the assessment of intestinal magnesium absorption. Application in control subjects, absorptive hypercalciuria, primary hyperparathyroidism, and hypoparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium but not calcium accumulation is inhibited by beta-adrenergic stimulation in S49 lymphoma cells.
MAGNESIUM	Oral magnesium therapy in cases of preterm labour (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Myocardial magnesium and calcium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ion inner sphere complex in the anticodon loop of phenylalanine transfer ribonucleic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Release of nitrogen, sulphur, phosphorus, calcium, magnesium, potassium and sodium from four tropical hays during their digestion in nylon bags in the rumen.
MAGNESIUM	The cardiac hazard of tocolysis and antagonizing possibilities. II. Communication: protection of the myocardium by means of substitution of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	C3 convertase of human complement: enhanced formation and stability of the enzyme generated with nickel instead of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The significance of zinc, copper and magnesium levels of maternal, cord and newborns' sera in hyperbilirubinemia of unknown etiology.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium sulfate on maternal and fetal hemodynamics and fetal brain function and metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium adenosine 5'-triphosphate in the hydrogen evolution reaction catalyzed by nitrogenase from Azotobacter vinelandii.
MAGNESIUM	The clinical significance of magnesium depletion in thalassemia.
MAGNESIUM	Examination of magnesium as deterrent of Actinomyces naeslundii calcification.
MAGNESIUM	Management of hyperammonemia in cor pulmonale by means of magnesium-potassium aspartate administration (Tromcardin)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of hydrochlorothiazide on calcium-magnesium parameters in patients with recurrent nephrolithiasis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-ion concentration following Payne-De Wind jejunoileostomy for the treatment of extreme obesity
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and fluoride.
MAGNESIUM	Distribution of magnesium in mature human enamel.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of sodium, calcium and magnesium trimetaphosphates on dental caries activity in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium inhibition of apatite nucleation by proteolipid.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in renal stone formers. Effects of therapy with magnesium hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium, and parathyroid hormone interactions.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, and aluminum on fluoride metabolism in man.
MAGNESIUM	Restoration of normal appearance, growth behavior, and calcium content to transformed 3T3 cells by magnesium deprivation.
MAGNESIUM	Fluoride and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and potassium interrelationships, experimental and clinical.
MAGNESIUM	Diuretic treatment and magnesium losses.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of diuretics on lymphocyte magnesium and potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Relation between potassium, magnesium and cardiac arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium on apatite formation in seeded supersaturated solutions at pH 7.4.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, alkaline phosphatase and 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations in children.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of cadmium on calcium, magnesium and phosphorus content of rat molars.
MAGNESIUM	Study on growth and lactate production of Streptococcus mutans, especially in relation to cellular magnesium content (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Excreted fractions of calcium and magnesium in kidney and ureteral calculi
MAGNESIUM	The concentration and subcellular localisation of zinc, magnesium and calcium in human polymorphonuclear leukocytes.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium ion - clinical aspects. Proceedings of a symposium at the annual meeting of the Swedish Society of Medical Sciences, Stockholm, December 1981.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium problems in gastroenterology.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in Crohn's disease.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in cardiology.
MAGNESIUM	The importance of the magnesium ion. Magnesium deficiency-symptomatology and occurrence.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency - guidelines for diagnosis and substitution therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in endocrinology.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and primary hyperparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirements in human nutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium and magnesium balance in thiazide-treated cardiac patients with special reference to diet.
MAGNESIUM	Modulation of tension generation at the myofibrillar level -- an analysis of the effect of magnesium adenosine triphosphate, magnesium, pH, sarcomere length and state of phosphorylation.
MAGNESIUM	The value of serum magnesium estimations in the diagnosis of acute perioperative myocardial infarction after coronary artery surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of hypophysectomy and replacement therapy with pituitary homogenates or ovine prolactin on serum calcium, sodium, and magnesium concentrations in bullfrog tadpoles.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and sudden death.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium increases rate of onset of desensitization in frog muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of binding of myosin subfragments with regulated actin by calcium ions in the presence of magnesium ATP.
MAGNESIUM	Microcalorimetric study of magnesium-adenosine triphosphate ternary complex.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium, potassium, magnesium and calcium distribution in the oocytes of the common frog based on x-ray microanalysis data
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and magnesium adenosine triphosphate activation of human propionyl CoA carboxylase and beta-methylcrotonyl CoA carboxylase.
MAGNESIUM	A study on the exchange rate of magnesium with ATP.
MAGNESIUM	Optical measurements of intracellular pH and magnesium in frog skeletal muscle fibres.
MAGNESIUM	Reduction of heavy metal toxicity to Xenophus embryos by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	The use of N-methylprotoporphyrin dimethyl ester to inhibit ferrochelatase in Rhodopseudomonas sphaeroides and its effect in promoting biosynthesis of magnesium tetrapyrroles.
MAGNESIUM	Mineral metabolism in Rana temporaria L. during the annual cycle. Sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, and chloride levels in the serum and lymph.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium binding to thin and thick filaments in skinned muscle fibres: electron probe analysis.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of free magnesium and alkali ions on the conformation and glucose-binding strength of yeast hexokinase isozymes.
MAGNESIUM	Paper ionophoresis of pancreatic islet phosphate esters in a magnesium-containing buffer.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in calcium and magnesium levels during heat-shock synchronized cell division in Tetrahymena.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium--the 2d most abundant intracellular cation
MAGNESIUM	Bisacodyl (Dulcolax) with and without magnesium sulfate for X-ray investigation of colon
MAGNESIUM	Relation of magnesium to calcium in human blood serum: fact or artefact?
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-dependent interaction of 30S ribosomal subunits with antibodies to N6, N6-dimethyladenosine.
MAGNESIUM	A controlled trial of magnesium dithiosalicylate compared with aspirin in rheumatoid arthritis.
MAGNESIUM	Folding of yeast 5S ribosomal RNA induced by magnesium binding.
MAGNESIUM	Blood plasma magnesium, potassium, glucose, and immunoreactive insulin changes in cows moved abruptly from barn feeding to early spring pasture.
MAGNESIUM	Renal magnesium transport and the effects of hypermagnesemia, hypercalcemia, body magnesium stores and parathyroid hormone.
MAGNESIUM	The interrelationship between phosphate and magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of glucose and magnesium ion on the quenching of yeast hexokinase fluorescence by acrylamide.
MAGNESIUM	K-strophanthin-beta complexing with calcium, magnesium and dysprosium ions
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism: a review.
MAGNESIUM	Proteolysis of chloroplast thylakoid membranes. II. Evidence for the involvement of the light-harvesting chlorophyll a/b-protein complex in thylakoid stacking and for effects of magnesium ions on photosystem II-light-harvesting complex aggregates in the absence of membrane stacking.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc, magnesium and calcium in human semen and in prostatic function
MAGNESIUM	Amino acid catabolysing enzymes in rats fed magnesium deficient diet.
MAGNESIUM	A multicenter controlled trial of a combination of kaolin, sterculia gum, meprobamate, and magnesium salts, in the irritable bowel syndrome (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Seasonal variations in urinary excretion of calcium and magnesium in healthy subjects and patients with renal calculus and chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Biological and clinical effects of oral magnesium and associated magnesium-vitamin B6 administration on certain disorders observed in infantile autism (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium--aluminum hydroxide and kaolin--pectin on absorption of digoxin from tablets and capsules.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and excess.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the solution structure of yeast phenylalanine transfer ribonucleic acid associated with aminoacylation and magnesium binding.
MAGNESIUM	Improved renal function using adenosine triphosphate-magnesium chloride in preservation of canine kidneys subjected to warm ischemia.
MAGNESIUM	Role of metal cofactors in enzyme regulation. Differences in the regulatory properties of the Escherichia coli nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate specific malic enzyme, depending on whether magnesium ion or manganese ion serves as divalent cation.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and ionic strength on the diffusion and charge properties of several single tRNA species.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency. Etiology and clinical spectrum.
MAGNESIUM	Splenic protein synthesis in magnesium deficiency: mechanism of the inhibition.
MAGNESIUM	The role of the cat choroid plexus in regulating cerebrospinal fluid magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Preterm parturition. Tocolysis using magnesium sulfate.
MAGNESIUM	Correction of hypokalemia by magnesium repletion in familial hypokalemic alkalosis with tubulopathy.
MAGNESIUM	Bacteriophage T7 protein kinase is magnesium-dependent and sulfate-activated.
MAGNESIUM	High magnesium content of Escherichia coli B.
MAGNESIUM	Effects and subcellular distribution of magnesium in smooth and striated muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium oxide on the crystallization of calcium salts in urine in patients with recurrent nephrolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of prostacyclin and 9a, 11a-epoxymethanoprostaglandin H2 on calcium and magnesium fluxes and tension development in canine intralobar pulmonary arteries and veins.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in the human body, particularly in women, and the effect of magnesium ions on uterine contraction
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in medicine
MAGNESIUM	An epidemiological study on the relationships of serum calcium and magnesium to blood pressure of inhabitants in rural and urban areas.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism of magnesium and its role in the mechanism of action of cardiovascular agents (review of the literature)
MAGNESIUM	Altered magnesium transport in slices of kidney cortex from chemically-induced diabetic rats.
MAGNESIUM	Disorders of calcium and magnesium homeostasis.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium, potassium and magnesium in plasma and erythrocytes during haemodialysis of children (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and sodium absorption from the isolated sheep rumen during intravenous aldosterone infusion (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Role of calcium, magnesium, copper and zinc in mental diseases
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium ions on the hydrodynamic shape, conformation, and stability of the ribosomal 23S RNA from E. coli.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium adenosine 5'-diphosphate influences proteolytic susceptibility of myosin in myofibrils.
MAGNESIUM	Oral supplementation with magnesium of cows shifted from winter feeding to a diet of dried spring grass (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Diurnal profiles of plasma magnesium and blood glucose in diabetes.
MAGNESIUM	Arginyl-tRNA synthetase from Escherichia coli K12: specificity with regard to ATP analogs and their magnesium complexes.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of hydrochlorothiazide on selected parameters of calcium and magnesium metabolism in immobilized patients
MAGNESIUM	Absorption of magnesium and phosphate in the omasum of the young steer.
MAGNESIUM	Cardio-protective contribution of hard waters to magnesium in-take.
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium cations in the yeast orotate phosphoribosyltransferase catalyzed reaction. Mechanism of the inhibition by Cu++ and Ni++ ions.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium therapy in cardiac arrhythmias
MAGNESIUM	Chelates of dicumarol I: Preparation and structure identification of magnesium chelate.
MAGNESIUM	Demonstration of group adherence in keratin products of the epidermis (hair, nails) using magnesium chloride
MAGNESIUM	The interactions of tropolone with magnesium ions and tubulin.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium reduces calcium oxalate crystal formation in human whole urine.
MAGNESIUM	Chloroplast biogenesis. Detection of monovinyl magnesium-protoporphyrin monoester and other monovinyl magnesium-porphyrins in higher plants.
MAGNESIUM	Increasing serum calcium and magnesium concentrations in breast-fed infants: Longitudinal studies of minerals in human milk and in sera of nursing mothers and their infants.
MAGNESIUM	The role of postnatal age and magnesium on parathyroid hormone responses during "exchange" blood transfusion in the newborn period.
MAGNESIUM	Diuretics, magnesium, potassium and sodium.
MAGNESIUM	Contraction of arterial smooth muscle induced by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of increased magnesium on recovery from ischemia in rat and rabbit hearts.
MAGNESIUM	Homeostasis of the retinal micro-environment. I. Magnesium, potassium and calcium distributions in the avian eye.
MAGNESIUM	Photometric determination of magnesium chlorate in the atmosphere
MAGNESIUM	Role of magnesium in glutathione metabolism of rat erythrocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency on intratubular calcium oxalate formation and crystalluria in hyperoxaluric rats.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium-magnesium iontophoresis in gastroenterologic diseases
MAGNESIUM	Relation of myocardial magnesium deficiency to sudden death in ischemic heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	The use of magnesium sulfate as the primary tocolytic agent to prevent premature delivery.
MAGNESIUM	Dogfish pressor response to potassium blocked by magnesium and phentolamine.
MAGNESIUM	Binding of calcium and magnesium to myosin in skeletal muscle myofibrils.
MAGNESIUM	25Mg-NMR investigations of the magnesium ion-DNA interaction.
MAGNESIUM	Micellar improvement of the calmagite compleximetric measurement of magnesium in plasma.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of magnesium by continuous-flow colorimetry.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels of plasma, erythrocyte and urine in patients with diabetes mellitus.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of glucagon on magnesium renal reabsorption in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of magnesium deficiency after intestinal bypass for obesity.
MAGNESIUM	Comparable serum salicylate concentrations from choline magnesium trisalicylate, aspirin, and buffered aspirin in rheumatoid arthritis.
MAGNESIUM	Phosphorus-31 nuclear magnetic resonance studies of the methylene and fluoro analogues of adenine nucleotides. Effects of pH and magnesium ion binding.
MAGNESIUM	Does the magnesium(II) ion interact with the alpha-phosphate of adenosine triphosphate? An investigation by oxygen-17 nuclear magnetic resonance.
MAGNESIUM	Fluorescein effect on magnesium and total protein determinations.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in serum of patients with coronary heart disease (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport in the cortical thick ascending limb of Henle's loop of the rabbit.
MAGNESIUM	3H-dopamine binding to rat striatal D-2 and D-3 sites: enhancement by magnesium and inhibition by guanine nucleotides and sodium.
MAGNESIUM	Intestinal maturation: in vivo magnesium transport.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of therapeutic levels of magnesium sulphate, methyldopa, hydralazine and phenobarbitone on normal term human trophoblast in vitro.
MAGNESIUM	Vascular smooth muscle mitochondria: magnesium content and transport.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of dietary tin on zinc, copper, iron, manganese, and magnesium metabolism of adult males.
MAGNESIUM	Decreased serum alkaline phosphatase activity in hypothyroidism: possible relationship to low serum zinc and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Precipitation of thiamine and tannic acid by calcium and magnesium cations.
MAGNESIUM	Circulatory shock associated with magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirement of fingerling channel catfish and signs of magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on calcium efflux in dialyzed squid axon.
MAGNESIUM	Elevated magnesium excretion in hydronephrotic kidneys.
MAGNESIUM	Breast milk magnesium and calcium concentrations following magnesium sulfate treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate and uterine inversion.
MAGNESIUM	Factors affecting the calcium, magnesium and phosphorus content of beef cow milk.
MAGNESIUM	Mechanism of increase in steatorrhea with calcium and magnesium in exocrine pancreatic insufficiency: an animal model.
MAGNESIUM	The inorganic constituents of milk. IV. Diffusible calcium and magnesium concentrations in goat's milk and the effect of starvation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency - an often missed diagnosis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and phosphate in the serum of patients with medullary carcinoma of the thyroid.
MAGNESIUM	Relation between mineral fertilization and supply of potassium, calcium, magnesium and phosphorus to the population under conditions of intensive plant production in East Germany
MAGNESIUM	The use of magnesium-containing phosphate binders in patients with end-stage renal disease on maintenance hemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	The 14-MeV neutron activation analysis of Chinese medicines for protein, phosphorus, potassium and magnesium contents.
MAGNESIUM	The importance of magnesium in therapy
MAGNESIUM	Effects of low magnesium diet on rat renal ammoniagenesis.
MAGNESIUM	26Mg as a probe in research on the role of magnesium in nutrition and metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus balance in human and experimental hypertension.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship of bone and plasma magnesium in magnesium-deficient cirrhosis patients.
MAGNESIUM	Solubility product of magnesium ammonium phosphate hexahydrate at various temperatures.
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular magnesium crystallized in the arteries and myocardium: new chemical-physical hypothesis.
MAGNESIUM	Intracellular sodium+ and magnesium2+ concentrations in diets containing fats of various degrees of saturation
MAGNESIUM	Skeletal muscle injury after magnesium depletion in the dog.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of acute acid-base disturbances on renal tubule reabsorption of magnesium in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium sulphate on convulsions induced by annual ryegrass toxicity.
MAGNESIUM	Total automated method for determination of cholesterol concentration in high density lipoprotein by heparin-magnesium-albumin precipitation.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium, calcium, and serum on reversion of stable L-forms.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma parathyroid hormone levels and intestinal calcium binding protein in magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Role of serum magnesium in development of spontaneous atherosclerosis in pigs.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc, copper, calcium, and magnesium in human milk.
MAGNESIUM	Formation of hydrotalcite in mixtures of aluminum hydroxycarbonate and magnesium hydroxide gels.
MAGNESIUM	A comparison of magnesium sulfate and terbutaline for the arrest of premature labor. A preliminary report.
MAGNESIUM	Intestinal maturation: the effect of glucocorticoids on in vivo net magnesium and calcium transport in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency contributing to ventricular tachycardia. Two case reports.
MAGNESIUM	Clinical and biological effects of high doses of vitamin B6 and magnesium on autistic children.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in plasma calcium, magnesium, phosphorus and hydroxyproline concentrations in ewes from twelve weeks before until three weeks after lambing.
MAGNESIUM	Response of calcium-sensitive cells in the pars intermedia of the goldfish adapted to diluted sea water with different calcium and magnesium contents.
MAGNESIUM	Total calcium and magnesium determined in serum with an automated stopped-flow analyzer.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium influx in dialyzed squid axons.
MAGNESIUM	Liquid protein diet magnesium dificiency and cardiac arrest.
MAGNESIUM	Renal function and magnesium clearance in young and old cows given potassium chloride and sodium citrate.
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of chlortetracycline activity by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Development and properties of malignant lymphoma induced by magnesium deficiency in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in pregnancy. A case report.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental evaluation of magnesium cardioplegia.
MAGNESIUM	Physiology of turkey embryos during pipping and hatching. V. Plasma total calcium, magnesium concentrations, and total calcium to magnesium ratios.
MAGNESIUM	ECG changes in early stage of magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Absence of effect of potassium-magnesium aspartate on physiologic responses to prolonged work in aerobically trained men.
MAGNESIUM	Growth of Legionella pneumophila in defined media: requirement for magnesium and potassium.
MAGNESIUM	Blood changes of spontaneously ketotic cows before and four hours after administration of glucose, xylitol, 1,2-propanediol, or magnesium propionate.
MAGNESIUM	Toxicological and pharmacological studies on the magnesium deficiency in rats. I. Histamine contents in some tissues of magnesium deficient rats
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of tablet disintegrants and magnesium stearate during mixing. II. Effect on dissolution rate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the treatment by repeated hemodialysis
MAGNESIUM	Nutritive value of daily diets of adolescents living in boarding schools. II. Calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, iron and potassium contents
MAGNESIUM	Clinical importance of magnesium metabolism
MAGNESIUM	Choline magnesium trisalicylate--a new formulation of salicylate.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium excretion and calcium oxalate urolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation of antacid suspensions containing aluminum hydroxide and magnesium hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	Preliminary report on the treatment of severe preeclampsia-eclampsia with magnesium sulfate and volume expanders.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on intestinal calcium transport in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Increased noise trauma in guinea pigs through magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary calculi composed of magnesium hydrogen phosphate in a kangaroo.
MAGNESIUM	Withdrawal of magnesium enhances coronary arterial spasms produced by vasoactive agents.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of chlorothiazide on renal calcium and magnesium handling in the hamster.
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of 3 cases of serious cardiac arrhythmia by magnesium salt
MAGNESIUM	Patterns of mid-to-term placental enzymes in rats treated with magnesium sulphate.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and cerebrospinal fluid magnesium levels in pyogenic and tubercular meningitis in children.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and cardiac arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	Re: the use of magnesium-containing phosphate binders in patients with end-stage renal disease on maintenance haemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Nail calcium, phosphate and magnesium in hyperthyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Electrophysiologic effects of magnesium chloride on the Purkinje fibers of the dog
MAGNESIUM	Study of serum calcium, phosphorus and magnesium levels in newborns.
MAGNESIUM	Role of the sodium-magnesium-potassium sulfate-chloride mineral waters of the Morshin health resort in the treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis (according to the results of clinico-biochemical, radioisotope, rheovasographic and immunologic studies)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium on parathyroid hormone release from human parathyroid tissue in vitro
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in chronic alcoholic patients uncovered by an intravenous loading test.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium in exocrine secretion--an X-ray microanalytical study.
MAGNESIUM	Hardness and calcium-magnesium ratio of bottled waters and their possible effect on ischemic cardiopathies
MAGNESIUM	Effect of hypercalcemia on renal tubular handling of calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Copper, iron, magnesium and zinc contents in hair of peasants in high and low incidence areas of esophageal cancer
MAGNESIUM	Serum copper, zinc, magnesium and calcium levels in various human diseases.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship of cerebrospinal fluid and serum magnesium in liver cirrhosis and hepatic coma.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on the vasoconstrictor responses to norepinephrine and potassium chloride in the rat mesenteric artery.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of dietary magnesium on reduction of nephrocalcinosis in rats fed purified diet.
MAGNESIUM	Submaximal endurance exercise and the indicators of magnesium and zinc metabolism in sportsmen
MAGNESIUM	Observation on myocardial ultrastructure in myocardial protection with cold potassium-magnesium-energy cardioplegic solution
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-losing nephropathy due to gentamicin
MAGNESIUM	Carbohydrate content of lipoproteins after sequential precipitation with phosphotungstate magnesium chloride
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation of activated charcoal and magnesium citrate in the prevention of aspirin absorption in humans.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium treatment of diuretic-induced hyponatremia with a preliminary report of a new aldosterone-antagonist.
MAGNESIUM	Auto-immune complications of D-penicillamine--a possible result of zinc and magnesium depletion and of pyridoxine inactivation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency following jejunoileal bypass operations for obesity.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of parathyroid hormone and calcitonin on urinary excretion of calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphorus in chronically catheterized foetal lambs in utero.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium sulfate to control status epilepticus.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the absorption of calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, copper and zinc by sheep fed on roughage-cereal diets.
MAGNESIUM	Copper, zinc, and magnesium content of breast milk of Indian women.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of isolated soybean protein on magnesium bioavailability.
MAGNESIUM	Alkaline phosphatase from Bacillus licheniformis. Solubility dependent on magnesium, purification and characterization.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental studies on hypomagnesemia in ruminants. VI. Comparison of metabolism of magnesium, calcium and phosphorus and plasma level of parathyroid hormone in lactating and non-lactating ewes at the time of change from a control diet to a diet low in magnesium and calcium (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Experimental study of respiratory contamination by a mixed oxide aerosol formed from the combustion of a plutonium magnesium alloy.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary sodium bicarbonate and magnesium oxide on production and physiology in early lactation.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of parathyroid hormone on renal calcium and magnesium reabsorption in magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Potassium, magnesium, copper, manganese and cobalt salts of aspartic acid on platelet factor 3 availability (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Experimental studies on hypomagnesemia of ruminants. VII. Effects of dietary magnesium and calcium composition on magnesium and calcium content of wool in lactating and non-lactating ewes
MAGNESIUM	Inhibition of stress reactions by magnesium. Beneficial effects of parenteral magnesium therapy on the development of stress ulcers in rats (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of the current magnesium status on the development of stress ulcers and myocardial necroses
MAGNESIUM	Serum and red cell magnesium levels in patients with premenstrual tension.
MAGNESIUM	Reperfusion effects on the magnesium-procaine arrested rabbit heart.
MAGNESIUM	Embryotoxic effects of magnesium deficiency and stress on rats and mice.
MAGNESIUM	The inheritance of plasma and red blood cell magnesium and zinc levels studied from twin and family data.
MAGNESIUM	The clinical pathophysiology of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium leak complicating treatment of choriocarcinoma.
MAGNESIUM	Renal excretion of magnesium and trace elements during cisplatin treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate for AIP seizures.
MAGNESIUM	Comparative effects of lactulose and magnesium sulfate on urea metabolism and nitrogen excretion in cirrhotic subjects.
MAGNESIUM	Seminal plasma fructose, zinc, magnesium and acid phosphatase in cases of male infertility.
MAGNESIUM	Survey for cadmium, cobalt, chromium, copper, nickel, lead, zinc, calcium, and magnesium in Canadian drinking water supplies.
MAGNESIUM	Serum potassium and sodium levels in coronary sinus blood in digitalis induced arrhythmias and its treatment with magnesium sulphate in dogs.
MAGNESIUM	Theophylline magnesium salicylate, a new xanthine compound.
MAGNESIUM	Bone pathology and parathyroid gland activity in hypocalcemic magnesium-deficient chicks.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of particle size of rifampicin and addition of magnesium stearate on release of rifampicin from hard gelatin capsules (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of brain calcium and magnesium on anesthetic requirement (MAC) in dogs (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Serum concentrations of magnesium, potassium, calcium and sodium in patients with malignant melanoma 
MAGNESIUM	Design of parenteral magnesium load tests in weanling and young adult rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-it's about time.
MAGNESIUM	Significance of magnesium, copper and zinc in medial femur neck fractures in the aged
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium flux during open heart surgery. The effect of St Thomas' Hospital cardioplegia solution.
MAGNESIUM	A study of serum and cerebrospinal fluid magnesium in cases of encephalitis.
MAGNESIUM	Ultrastructure of the seminiferous tubules in magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Alterations of long-chain free fatty acid and magnesium concentrations in acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Electron transport across glycerol monooleate bilayer lipid membranes facilitated by magnesium etiochlorin.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of amiloride and triamterene on urinary magnesium excretion in conscious saline-loaded rats.
MAGNESIUM	The activation of ox-brain NAD+-dependent isocitrate dehydrogenase by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in ischaemic heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphorus levels in Holstein-Friesian calves during early stage after birth.
MAGNESIUM	Diabetic ketoacidosis and magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Interrelationships among thiazide diuretics and calcium, magnesium, sodium, and potassium balance in normal and hypertensive man.
MAGNESIUM	On the effect of magnesium on the PTH secretion in uremic patients on maintenance hemodialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Relationship between blood serum magnesium and potassium levels in patients with right-ventricular circulatory insufficiency treated with lanatoside C, and the role of magnesium in the prevention of digitalis-induced arrhythmias
MAGNESIUM	Urine composition in patients with urolithiasis during treatment with magnesium oxide.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the mechanism of membrane fusion. Role of head-group composition in calcium- and magnesium-induced fusion of mixed phospholipid vesicles.
MAGNESIUM	Vitamin D and plasma magnesium in pregnancy.
MAGNESIUM	Idiopathic hypoparathyroidism with steatorrhoea: the role of magnesium in diagnosis.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on the isolated, blood-perfused atrial and ventricular preparations of the dog heart.
MAGNESIUM	Diagnostic value of copper and magnesium in hemolymphopathies and solid tumors
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium on the time course of facilitation at the crayfish neuromuscular junction.
MAGNESIUM	An attempt at evaluating magnesium metabolism during experimental hypercortisolaemia in rabbits and during Cushing's disease treated surgically by bilateral epinephrectomy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium carbonate pica: an unusual case of iron deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Separation of serum high-density lipoprotein for cholesterol determination: ultracentrifugation vs precipitation with sodium phosphotungstate and magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of "recommended" phosphotungstate/magnesium and heparin/manganese precipitation techniques for the estimation of high density lipoprotein cholesterol.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium regulation in ileal smooth muscle-II. Interaction of sodium and magnesium in calcium couterexchange.
MAGNESIUM	Jejunal and ileal adaptation to alterations in dietary calcium: changes in calcium and magnesium absorption and pathogenetic role of parathyroid hormone and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D.
MAGNESIUM	Maintenance of secretion of calcium and magnesium during infusions of parathyroid hormone to lactating goats.
MAGNESIUM	Parenteral magnesium load testing with 28Mg in weanling and young adult rats.
MAGNESIUM	Electrokinetic studies of magnesium hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium- and magnesium-induced fusion of mixed phosphatidylserine/phosphatidylcholine vesicles: effect of ion binding.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency. Role in arrhythmias complicating acute myocardial infarction?
MAGNESIUM	Serum immunoreactive calcitonin in low birth weight infants. Description of early changes; effect of intravenous calcium infusion; relationships with early changes in serum calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, parathyroid hormone, and gastrin levels.
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of plasma magnesium in the acute phase of myocardial infarction
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and calcium mass transfer during continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma Mg-levels during treatment of hypopotassaemia with Potassium-magnesium aspartate (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Excretion of urinary phosphate and magnesium on three diets in patients with urolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Phosphorus-31 nuclear magnetic resonance study of the thiamine diphosphate-magnesium interaction.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium/magnesium specificity in membrane fusion: kinetics of aggregation and fusion of phosphatidylserine vesicles and the role of bilayer curvature.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency and excess on renal tubular potassium transport in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium sulphate on maternal and fetal rat liver.
MAGNESIUM	Stimulation of the production of macrolide antibiotics by magnesium phosphate and related insoluble materials.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate for uterine inversion.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium concentration in saliva -- an indicator of digitalis toxicity. ?
MAGNESIUM	Separation of wax esters from steryl esters by chromatography on magnesium hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium ions on isolated blood vessels and their therapeutic significance in coronary spasms
MAGNESIUM	Determination of ultrafiltrable calcium and magnesium in patients with idiopathic hypercalciuria
MAGNESIUM	Choline magnesium trisalicylate does not impair platelet aggregation.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium sulfate on fetal heart rate variability and uterine activity.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and zinc blood levels in mice sensitive to audiogenic seizures.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium and other ions on the distribution of ribulose 1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase in chloroplast extracts.
MAGNESIUM	The hamster adipocyte adenylate cyclase system. I. Regulation of enzyme stimulation and inhibition by manganese and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Apparent inhibition of photoredox reactions of magnesium octaethylporphyrin at the lipid bilayer-water interface by neutral quinones.
MAGNESIUM	Interference of magnesium in reserpine and aminophenazone interaction (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	The effect of slow releasing oral magnesium chloride on the QTc interval of the electrocardiogram during open heart surgery.
MAGNESIUM	Repair of salt tolerance and recovery of lost D-alanine and magnesium following sublethal heating of Staphylococcus aureus are independent events.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium depletion. A report of a case.
MAGNESIUM	Cholesterol in high-density lipoproteins quantified by agarose gel electrophoresis, cellulose acetate electrophoresis, and magnesium-sodium phosphotungstate precipitation.
MAGNESIUM	Tissue magnesium status in diabetes mellitus.
MAGNESIUM	Renal clearance of magnesium in sheep given citric acid and(or) potassium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in sodium, potassium, magnesium, calcium and phosphorus ions and water in rat heart homogenates in acute experimental uremia
MAGNESIUM	Rise in serum calcium and magnesium concentrations after vitamin D administration in hypocalcaemic hypomagnesaemic magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Double-blind clinical, endoscopic and histological comparison of hydrotalcite/dimethicone suspension and magnesium hydroxide/aluminum hydroxide suspension in the treatment of symptomatic gastritis.
MAGNESIUM	The congenital "magnesium-losing kidney". Report of two patients.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of calcium, magnesium and uric acid in kidney stone patients, their asymptomatic relatives and healthy subjects
MAGNESIUM	Aspects of the influence of magnesium ions on the formation of calcium oxalate.
MAGNESIUM	Application of thermometric methods in pharmacoanalysis. III. Determination of potassium and magnesium content of Panangin tablets and injection solutions by titrated enthalpy and direct injection enthalpy
MAGNESIUM	Effect of vitamin B-6 on plasma and red blood cell magnesium levels in premenopausal women.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-deficiency tetany and its therapy
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and trace metals: risk factors for coronary heart disease? Association between blood levels and angiographic findings.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism. Report on the 4th Hohenheimer Magnesium Symposium, Sept. 26-27, 1980
MAGNESIUM	Study of calcium and magnesium in cerebrospinal fluid and its' relation to different neurological diseases (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Hazards of hypertonic magnesium enema therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Model of mitosis based on antagonistic changes of intracellular concentration of free calcium and magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Erythrocyte abnormalities in experimental magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium, calcium, and phosphate excretion during magnesium sulfate infusion.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-phenethylbiguanide competition in Mg2+-depleted hepatic mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	1H NMR studies on interactions of calcium and magnesium with aspartic acid and asparagine.
MAGNESIUM	Deficient nickel supply and the content of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus inthe bone of growing rats
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium in the uterus of the pregnant and pseudopregnant mouse and the effects of Mg2+ ions on uterine alkaline phosphatase.
MAGNESIUM	Tyrosine fluorescence of ram testis and octopus calmodulins. Effects of calcium, magnesium, and ionic strength.
MAGNESIUM	Protection of rat liver 80 S ribosomes against ricin A chain inactivation by proteins extracted from rat liver and wheat germ ribosomal subunits with ammonium chloride/magnesium chloride.
MAGNESIUM	Role of calcium and magnesium and of cytochalasin-sensitive processes in lectin-stimulated lymphocyte activation.
MAGNESIUM	In situ measurements of free cytosolic magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the regulation of muscle contraction.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of Magnesium Diasporal on erythrocyte pyruvate kinase activity in healthy persons and in patients with pyruvate kinase deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on isolated rabbit atria.
MAGNESIUM	Evaluation of sucrose and magnesium sulfate as additives in aerobic blood culture medium.
MAGNESIUM	The determination of whole blood magnesium concentration in uremics on chronic dialysis.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium and phosphorus balance and the effect of vitamin D in low birth weight infants
MAGNESIUM	Effect of a magnesium-enriched diet on electrolyte metabolism and oxalate excretion in kidney diseases in children
MAGNESIUM	Downbeat nystagmus with magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Properties of the primer-binding site and the role of magnesium ion in primer-template recognition by KB cell DNA polymerase alpha.
MAGNESIUM	Characterization of a new sarcoplasmic calcium-binding protein with magnesium-induced cooperativity in the binding of calcium.
MAGNESIUM	Extracellular magnesium ions control calcium exchange and content of vascular smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Interactions of magnesium and verapamil on tone and contractility of vascular smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Structural changes induced by calcium and magnesium in a high affinity calcium-binding protein from crayfish sarcoplasm.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on lipid metabolism in rats fed a high carbohydrate diet.
MAGNESIUM	Modification by magnesium and manganese ions of the effects of oxytocin on the electrical and mechanical activity of the longitudinal muscle of estrogen-treated rat uterus.
MAGNESIUM	Marginal magnesium deficiency and experimental hepatic lesions in the rat
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, inorganic phosphorus and magnesium in the serum of pregnant cows
MAGNESIUM	Comparative plasma heparin levels after subcutaneous administration of calcium and magnesium heparin.
MAGNESIUM	Sequestration of iron by magnesium oxide: an in vitro study.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma concentrations of magnesium and vitamin B-1 in alcoholism and delirium tremens. Pathogenic and prognostic implications.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium content of antacids.
MAGNESIUM	Adverse effects of liquid protein fast on the handling of magnesium, calcium and phosphorus.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate treatment of threatened late abortions and premature labor
MAGNESIUM	Biochemistry and pathobiochemistry of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Stress and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Epidemiological studies on the relationship between magnesium intake and cardiovascular diseases.
MAGNESIUM	Myocardial magnesium and ischaemic heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and membrane function in vascular smooth muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of tetraethylammonium, 4-aminopyridine, cesium and magnesium on slow responses in the guinea pig papillary muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium citrate on the in vitro adsorption of aspirin by activated charcoal.
MAGNESIUM	Physicochemical properties of magnesium salicylate.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium output in pancreatic juice after pancreaticoduodenectomy (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the magnesium content of tissues following myocardial damage in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Goiter incidence among children living in the villages in the Bia³ystok district and the concentrations of iodine, calcium and magnesium in drinking water
MAGNESIUM	The effects of magnesium on cardiac activity (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium in human senile cataractous lenses. Report I. Determination of calcium and magnesium concentration in human senile cataractous lenses (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Effect of furosemide on calcium and magnesium transport in the rat nephron.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of ionized magnesium in biological fluids.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium and manganese ions on the structure and template activity for reverse transcriptase of polyribocytidylate and its 2'-0-methyl derivative.
MAGNESIUM	Comparative efficacy of injectable calcium and magnesium salts in the therapy of hydrofluoric acid burns.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and cardiac dysrrhythmia (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Difference between magnesium and manganese ions in modification of effect of catecholamine on adenylate cyclase system in Ehrlich ascites tumor cells.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of tablet disintegrants and magnesium stearate during mixing I: Effect on tablet disintegration.
MAGNESIUM	Structure of alkaline phosphatase with zinc/magnesium cobalt or cadmium in the functional metal sites.
MAGNESIUM	Histological changes in mucosa of rat's jejunum, caused by a low magnesium diet.
MAGNESIUM	Mechanism of negative potassium balance in the magnesium-deficient rat.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium metabolism during long-term treatment with thiazides.
MAGNESIUM	Thermodynamics of hexokinase catalyzed reactions. II. Measurement and calculation of enthalpies of reaction as a function of magnesium ion concentration.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of free magnesium in perfused and ischemic arrested heart muscle. A quantitative phosphorus-31 nuclear magnetic resonance and multiequilibria analysis.
MAGNESIUM	Infrared spectroscopy and magnesium content of bone mineral in osteoporotic women.
MAGNESIUM	Patterns of excretion of magnesium following reduction of creatinine clearance
MAGNESIUM	Changes in fecal shape in sheep fed low-magnesium diets of varying calcium content.
MAGNESIUM	Seasonal variation in urinary excretion of calcium, oxalate, magnesium and phosphate on free and standard mineral diet in men with urolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium ion losses in response to stimulants of efflux applied to heart, liver and kidney mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Binding of magnesium and chloride ions to human hemoglobin A. Mg2+ concentrations in solutions simulating red cell conditions.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in acute myocardial infarction and acute coronary insufficiency
MAGNESIUM	Effect of space flight on the concentration of sodium, copper, manganese and magnesium in the bones of the skeleton
MAGNESIUM	Vasodilatory and anticoagulatory actions of magnesium sulphate: animal experiments (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Serum Magnesium in liver diseases.
MAGNESIUM	Response of the pars intermedia of the goldfish pituitary to deionized water, buffered or not, and to calcium and magnesium supplementation (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus and magnesium balance and the effect of vitamin D in low-weight infants
MAGNESIUM	Barbiturate and amphetamine activity in rats fed a magnesium-deficient diet.
MAGNESIUM	The treatment of progressive malignant myopia with magnesium chelates of flavones. Apropos of 400 cases
MAGNESIUM	Comparative corrective effect of magnesium 2-pyrrolidone carboxylate and magnesium chloride on skin and hematological disorders in experimental magnesium deficiency in the rat
MAGNESIUM	Activation of bovine factor X in the presence of calcium, magnesium, barium or manganese ion.
MAGNESIUM	Electrocardiographic and serum magnesium levels during diuretic therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Nutritional aspects of magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of the diet with different content of magnesium on certain chemical and physical properties of the bones
MAGNESIUM	Plasma calcium, inorganic phosphorus and magnesium levels in pregnant and lactating rabbits.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in histamine and white blood cells in the blood, spleen and thymus of magnesium-deficient rat.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on renal magnesium and calcium transport in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of dietary calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus on phosphate urolithiasis in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Dependence of the chronotropic effects of calcium, magnesium and sodium on temperature and cycle length in isolated rabbit atria.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and seizure control.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium sulfate prevents succinylcholine-induced fasciculations in toxemic parturients.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium- and magnesium-dependent conformational states of calmodulin as determined by nuclear magnetic resonance.
MAGNESIUM	Vertical and horizontal nystagmus in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Investigations on changes of serum magnesium concentration after glucagon application in healthy humans.
MAGNESIUM	Recovery of chill-stressed Vibrio parahaemolyticus from oysters with enrichment broths supplemented with magnesium and iron salts.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of lithium on potassium, calcium, sodium and magnesium levels in serum and erythrocytes in manic depressive psychoses.
MAGNESIUM	The morphology of synaptic profiles in explants of foetal and neonatal mouse cerebral cortex maintained in a magnesium-enriched environment.
MAGNESIUM	The magnesium content of duodenal mucosa in man.
MAGNESIUM	Quantitative patterns in the migration of magnesium, calcium, radium-226 and thorium-228 in the soil-plant chain
MAGNESIUM	A simple low-magnesium diet.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of a magnesium-enriched diet on oxalate excretion and on the functional state of the kidneys in hyperoxaluria
MAGNESIUM	Choline magnesium trisalicylate versus ibuprofen in rheumatoid arthritis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency produces spasms of coronary arteries: relationship to etiology of sudden death ischemic heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium ions on the binding of calcium ions to glycerinated rabbit psoas muscle fibers.
MAGNESIUM	Induced hypocalcaemia in cows and sheep. III. Changes in plasma magnesium levels.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of a natural and artificial menopause on serum, urinary and erythrocyte magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium in cardioplegic solution upon hypothermic ischemic myocardial mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium sulfate on platelet deposition in rabbits following temporary arterial occlusion with surgical clips.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of magnesium in urinary filtrate as a diagnostic test of renal form of primary hyperparathyroidism
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in acute myocardial infarction. Relation to arrhythmias.
MAGNESIUM	Intraluminal and contraluminal magnesium on magnesium and calcium transfer in the rat nephron.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of temperature, adenosine triphosphate and magnesium concentrations on the contraction of actomyosin isolated from halothane-sensitive and -insensitive German Landrace pigs.
MAGNESIUM	Behavior of blood and urinary magnesium in diabetes mellitus
MAGNESIUM	Ultrafiltrable serum magnesium in renal diseases (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Calmagite method for determination of serum magnesium modified.
MAGNESIUM	Maximum safe dietary magnesium and effects of high dietary magnesium on zinc metabolism in Holstein calves.
MAGNESIUM	Red cell magnesium as a function of cell age.
MAGNESIUM	A screening test for monitoring the magnesium status of dairy cows.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in tubular acidosis
MAGNESIUM	Attenuation by magnesium of the electrophysiologic effects of hyperkalemia on human and canine heart cells.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium content in the tissues of rats exposed to an industrial-frequency electromagnetic field
MAGNESIUM	Determinants of the stimulation of fat cell adenylate cyclase by high concentrations of sodium and magnesium salts. Implications for the role of magnesium in regulation of enzyme activity.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption and metabolism in patients with chronic renal failure and in patients with normal renal function.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption from leafy vegetables intrinsically labeled with the stable isotope 26Mg.
MAGNESIUM	Experimental studies on hypomagnesemia in ruminants. V. Metabolism of phosphorus and plasma level of parathyroid hormone in sheep fed diets of varying composition of magnesium and calcium (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium and sodium in the tissues of patients on long-term treatment with hemodialysis
MAGNESIUM	Unequal distribution of calcium and magnesium of snail neuron.
MAGNESIUM	Bowel preparation in children using magnesium sulphate.
MAGNESIUM	Significance of magnesium and copper metabolic disorders in the pathogenesis of chronic respiratory tract diseases in children
MAGNESIUM	The long-term effect of lowering dialysate magnesium on circulating parathyroid hormone in patients on regular haemodialysis therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcitonin on calcium and magnesium transport in rat nephron.
MAGNESIUM	Fluorimetric study of methacycline complex formation with beryllium, aluminum, magnesium, calcium and zinc ions
MAGNESIUM	Bicarbonate and magnesium ion-ATP dependent stimulation of acetylcholine uptake by Torpedo electric organ synaptic vesicles.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of magnesium and potassium binding constants to phosphoenolpyruvate, 2- and 3-phosphoglycerate and a number of other anions.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma magnesium level in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Disorders of magnesium metabolism in chronic intestinal diseases. II. Mg excretion in urine and faeces (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Urinary excretion of zinc and magnesium in malignant melanoma.
MAGNESIUM	Adsorption isotherms of albumin and ferritin on Rhodesian chrysotile: effects of magnesium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium, magnesium, and cytochalasin B on arachidonic acid-induced neutrophil aggregation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium permeability of sarcoplasmic reticulum vesicles monitored in terms of chlortetracycline fluorescence.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of 1 alpha-hydroxycholecalciferol on the concentrations of calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphate in the plasma of parturient cows.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: the neglected cation.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions control prostaglandin reactivity of venous smooth muscle from spontaneously hypertensive rats.
MAGNESIUM	The 14-MeV neutron activation analysis of Chinese medicines for protein, phosphorus, potassium and magnesium contents (II).
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium transport along the inner medullary collecting duct of the rat.
MAGNESIUM	A comparison of the phosphotungstate magnesium precipitation and heparin-manganese precipitation procedures for estimating high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
MAGNESIUM	Tissue calcium and magnesium levels in skin and brain in the chronically uremic rat.
MAGNESIUM	Light microscopic and ultrastructural changes of the exocrine pancreas in magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	What is normal serum magnesium and phosphate?
MAGNESIUM	Aromatic amines (serotonin and histamine) and magnesium deficiency in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on rat bone and kidney sensitivity to parathyroid hormone.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency allergy-like crisis in hairless rats: a suggested model for inflammation studies.
MAGNESIUM	Enhanced recovery from acute renal failure by the postischemic infusin of adenine nucleotides and magnesium chloride in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Spectral studies of binding between DNA bases and magnesium or calcium ions
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of electron transport in photosystem-II fragments by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Regulation of excitation energy distribution in photosystem-II fragments by magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	A 113Cd NMR study of calmodulin and its interaction with calcium, magnesium and trifluoperazine.
MAGNESIUM	Uncovering magnesium toxicity.
MAGNESIUM	A comparative study of serum electrolytes with special reference to magnesium in cases of congestive heart failure-pre and post treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in renal stone disease.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium levels in isolated mitochondria from human cardiac biopsies.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of lactose supplement on digestion of lucerne hay by sheep. II. Absorption of magnesium and calcium in the stomach.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium stimulation of catalytic activity of horse liver aldehyde dehydrogenase. Changes in molecular weight and catalytic sites.
MAGNESIUM	Characteristics of magnesium-adenosine triphosphate-dependent inactivators of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase.
MAGNESIUM	An investigation of myoplasmic magnesium adenosine triphosphate in barnacle muscle fibres with the firefly method.
MAGNESIUM	The development of cardiac beriberi with polyneuritis after protracted use of large amounts of magnesium trisilicate. An unpublished observation by Dr. J. G. G. Borst
MAGNESIUM	Urinary magnesium and its relationship to calcium in recurrent stone-formers and controls (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium homeostasis in mild-to-moderate primary hyperparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Pathophysiologic responses of spontaneously hypertensive rats to arterial magnesium--aluminum wire implants.
MAGNESIUM	The morphology and pathogenesis of magnesium deficiency-induced nephrocalcinosis.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium levels in the intermolt(C4) carapaces of three species of freshwater crawfish (Cambaridae: decapoda).
MAGNESIUM	Aerosols of magnesium alloys and their hygienic evaluation
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in tetanus.
MAGNESIUM	Relationships between magnesium and parathyroid hormone metabolism in healthy subjects, patients with chronic kidney failure and permanent dialysis patients
MAGNESIUM	Clinical importance of the serum magnesium concentration in hyperthyroidism
MAGNESIUM	A biochemical and ultrastructural study of skeletal muscle from rats fed a magnesium-deficient diet.
MAGNESIUM	Increased urinary magnesium excretion in primary hyperparathyroidism during intravenous calcium chloride infusion (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Mechanism of the magnesium ion activation of the catalytic activity of horse liver aldehyde dehydrogenase.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium oxide column chromatography: a novel and rapid method for steroid purification.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on Staphylococcus aureus sensitivity to streptomycin
MAGNESIUM	Prophylaxis for Mendelson's syndrome before elective caesarean section. A comparison of cimetidine and magnesium trisilicate mixture regimens.
MAGNESIUM	Concentrations of magnesium, calcium, potassium, and sodium in human heart muscle after acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium level and sleep behavior of newborn infants.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium, magnesium and chelating agents on the lifespan of the rotifer Asplanchna brightwelli.
MAGNESIUM	Vacuoles: main compartments of potassium, magnesium, and phosphate ions in Saccharomyces carlsbergenis cells.
MAGNESIUM	Role of vacuolar ion pool in Saccharomyces carlsbergensis: potassium efflux from vacuoles is coupled with manganese or magnesium influx.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium in bull and boar spermatozoa.
MAGNESIUM	Co-operativity and calcium/magnesium binding to troponin C and muscle calcium binding parvalbumin: an hypothesis.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium sulfate treatment on perinatal calcium metabolism. II. Neonatal responses.
MAGNESIUM	Change of ribonuclease H activity from rat liver nuclei by thioacetamide: preferential increase in the activity of magnesium-dependent ribonuclease H.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium toxicity: effect on phosporus utilization by broiler chicks.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium stearate given perorally to rats. A short term study.
MAGNESIUM	Renal excretion of magnesium in chronic kidney insufficiency
MAGNESIUM	Proteinuria following nephroangiography. V. Influence of calcium and magnesium ions in non-ionic contrast media.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium transport in the nephron.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in acute medical and surgical conditions.
MAGNESIUM	Heparin--magnesium chloride--albumin method for enzymic measurement of cholesterol in high-density lipoprotein.
MAGNESIUM	Phosphorylation and the binding of calcium and magnesium to skeletal myosin.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of the effects of calcium and magnesium on parathyroid hormone secretion rate in calves.
MAGNESIUM	Renal tubular maximum for magnesium in normal, hyperparathyroid, and hypoparathyroid man.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemical and clinical effects of the prophylactic treatment of renal calcium stones with magnesium hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	Fat-storing cells in the liver of rats kept on a low-magnesium diet.
MAGNESIUM	The anticarcinogenic effect of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Requirement for sulfhydryl groups in the differential effects of magnesium ion and GTP on agonist binding of muscarinic cholinergic receptor sites in rat atrial membrane fraction.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium supplementation in the treatment of alcoholics
MAGNESIUM	Withdrawal of magnesium causes vasospasm while elevated magnesium produces relaxation of tone in cerebral arteries.
MAGNESIUM	Absorption and retention of magnesium and some trace elements by man from typical Indian diets.
MAGNESIUM	Fluoride and magnesium in dental plaque.
MAGNESIUM	Fluoride and magnesium, two ions in the prevention of calcium salt imbalance, including caries prevention, in man and animals.
MAGNESIUM	Comments on magnesium intake and fluoride intake in the modern-day world.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of manganese on the regulation of brain adenylate cyclase by magnesium and adenosine triphosphate proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Investigation of magnesium and calcium in ischemic changes in the human myocardium
MAGNESIUM	The variability of human red blood cell magnesium level according to HLA groups.
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of metal ions with tRNA: effects of cadmium, zinc, and magnesium ions on chromatographic behavior of tyrosine and leucine tRNA species.
MAGNESIUM	Stimulation of leucomycin production by magnesium phosphate and its relevance to nitrogen catabolite regulation.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of feeding high magnesium to young dairy calves.
MAGNESIUM	Oxygen binding properties of stripped (calcium ion and magnesium ion free) hemocyanin from the scorpion Leirus quinquestriatus.
MAGNESIUM	Enhanced adsorptive capacity of activated charcoal in the presence of magnesium citrate, N.F.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption in chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Comparative plasma salicylate and urine salicylurate levels following administration of aspirin, magnesium salicylate, and choline magnesium trisalicylate.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium, magnesium, inorganic phosphate and alkaline phosphatase in Ghanaian children at the age of puberty.
MAGNESIUM	Divalent cation transport in kidney slices II. Magnesium transport in kidney cortex slices and effects of diuretics.
MAGNESIUM	Divalent cation transport in kidney slices. III. Inhibitory action of verapamil on magnesium gain.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma zinc and magnesium alterations in acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Investigation of the structure of magnesium and lithium salts of T2 phage DNA by the method of x-ray diffraction. The possible mechanisms of the participation of cations in the structural transformation of double-stranded DNA
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: physiology, clinical disorders, and therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Spinal cord injury: effect of thyrocalcitonin on calcium, magnesium and phosphorus in paraplegic rats.
MAGNESIUM	Exploring the magnesium-deficient weanling rat as an animal model for the sudden infant death syndrome: physical, biochemical, electrocardiographic, and gross pathologic changes.
MAGNESIUM	"Spontaneous" seizing in open-field tests by mongolian gerbils fed magnesium at different rates.
MAGNESIUM	Levels of calcium and magnesium in the body fluid of patients with tremor (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Reference values for ionized, complexed, and protein-bound plasma magnesium in men and women.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium stearate on physical properties and biological availability of sulphadiazine tablet formulations.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of magnesium chloride on blood and urine parameters in calcium oxalate stone patients.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium, magnesium, lead, or cadmium on lipoprotein metabolism and atherosclerosis in the pigeon.
MAGNESIUM	Use of nonabsorbable markers for gastrointestinal contents in in vivo measurement of magnesium bioavailability.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium in the blood serum of workers exposed to fluorine compounds, in relation to age and duration of employment
MAGNESIUM	Round lung opacities in magnesium production workers (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium toxicity: bone lesions.
MAGNESIUM	Alcoholism and magnesium deficiency (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Characterization of the calcium transport cycle of sarcoplasmic reticulum by inorganic phosphate including the function of magnesium (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Determination of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol after precipitation with magnesium phosphotungstate methods, experiences, comparisons
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium and copper levels in myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Increase in the stoichiometry of the functioning active sites of horse liver aldehyde dehydrogenase in the presence of magnesium ions.
MAGNESIUM	Stimulation of renal magnesium reabsorption by calcitonin in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the nutrition of salmonid fish. The magnesium requirement of rainbow trout (Salmo gairdneri).
MAGNESIUM	The effects of calcium and magnesium on the secretion of parathormone and parathyroid secretory protein by isolated porcine parathyroid cells.
MAGNESIUM	Comparative biochemical and histological studies of the effect of magnesium and profound hypothermia on the preservation of the isolated perfused rat liver (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels and platelet adhesiveness in acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium, magnesium and inorganic phosphate during lactation.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of the concentration of free magnesium ions in hemolysates of oxygenated and deoxygenated packed human erythrocytes
MAGNESIUM	The relation between magnesium, blood histamine level and eosinophilia in the acute stage of the allergic reactions in humans.
MAGNESIUM	Preliminary report on the magnesium deficient rat as a model of epilepsy.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in patients with carcinoma of the large intestine
MAGNESIUM	Behaviour of ATP and lactate in human papillary muscle during profound hypothermia and injection cardioplegia with magnesium-asparatate-procaine (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Importance of magnesium in clinical practice. Basic aspects
MAGNESIUM	The mucosa-associated microflora of the rat intestine: a study of normal distribution and magnesium sulphate induced diarrhoea.
MAGNESIUM	Animal experiment evaluation of myocardial protection with a magnesium-asparaginate-procaine solution
MAGNESIUM	The use of adenosine triphosphate with magnesium chloride in the treatment of post ischemic renal injury.
MAGNESIUM	The removal of non-collagen components from newborn calf dermis with magnesium chloride solution.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of low-magnesium diet on liver histology in rats.
MAGNESIUM	An attempt at evaluating magnesium metabolism in experimental hyperadrenalinaemia in rabbits and in cases of phaeochromocytoma treated surgically.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium ion on the contraction of vascular smooth muscle
MAGNESIUM	Interaction of calcium, magnesium, and gastrin on gastric acid secretion.
MAGNESIUM	Parenteral magnesium sulfate and the distribution, plasma levels, and excretion of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Electrophysiological effects of magnesium on cells in the canine sinus node and false tendon.
MAGNESIUM	Kinetics of the conformational change of troponin-C induced by magnesium-binding or removal.
MAGNESIUM	Equilibrium binding of magnesium(II) by Escherichia coli tRNAfMet.
MAGNESIUM	Conformational changes of transfer RNA. The role of magnesium(II).
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium oxide-pyridoxine therapy for recurrent urolithiasis.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in biology and medicine
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium and aluminum hydroxide mixture on chlordiazepoxide absorption.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium levels in serum, whole blood and erythrocytes in juvenile diabetes
MAGNESIUM	The physiology and clinical aspects of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Normal and abnormal calcium, phosphorus and magnesium metabolism in the perinatal period.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium: current concepts of its physiopathology, clinical aspects and therapy
MAGNESIUM	Mutants in three genes affecting transport of magnesium in Escherichia coli: genetics and physiology.
MAGNESIUM	Proceedings: Electrical response of mouse pancreatic beta-cell to removal of calcium magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Reconfirmation of replacement of magnesium ion requirement by polyamines in isoleucyl-tRNA formation in Escherichia coli.
MAGNESIUM	Treatment of hypercholesterolaemia and hypertriglyceridaemia with magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium dependence of the association kinetics of Escherichia coli ribosomal subunits.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Hemodynamics and myocardial metabolism in coronary disease during beta receptor stimulation and administration of postassium magnesium aspartate (PMA)
MAGNESIUM	Escherichia coli DNA polymerases II and III: activation by magnesium or by manganous ions.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium antagonists and islet function. VIII. The effect of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Dynamic characteristics of electrical activity in pancreatic beta-cells. I. - Effects of calcium and magnesium removal.
MAGNESIUM	Structural dynamics of bacterial ribosomes. V. Magnesium-dependent dissociation of tight couples into subunits: measurements of dissociation constants and exchange rates.
MAGNESIUM	Loosening and unfolding of E. coli 50 S ribosomal subunits: dependence on magnesium content and temperature.
MAGNESIUM	Stopped-flow studies of changes in fluorescence of 8-anilino-1-naphthalene sulfonic acid caused by magnesium and salt binding to yeast enolase.
MAGNESIUM	A study of the influence of magnesium ions on the conformation of ribosomal ribonucleic acid and on the stability of the larger subribosomal particle of rabbit reticulocytes.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium on insulin secretion and on the CO2 production from glucose
MAGNESIUM	Intraoperative myocardial protection with magnesium-asparatate-procaine (Kirsch's solution)-cardiac arrest and cardioplegic coronary perfusion with cold solution containing HES (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Evidence for energy migration from photosystem I to photosystem II and the effect of magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium on the kinetic properties of bovine heart glycogen synthase D.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and cardiac disorders.
MAGNESIUM	Short-range effect of the magnesium content of a diet rich in colza oil on the lipid content of the heart and the mineral content of soft tissue
MAGNESIUM	Postoperative magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of cellulose phosphate on calcium and magnesium homeostasis: studies in normal subjects and patients with latent hypoparathyroidism.
MAGNESIUM	Pharmacology and pharmacokinetics of magnesium (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Changes of trace minerals (serum iron, zinc, copper and magnesium) in thalassemia.
MAGNESIUM	Histone-produced magnesium extrusion from mitochondria and magnesium binding to histone.
MAGNESIUM	Research on the problem of magnesium in rickets
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium pemoline on a delayed match-to-sample task in monkeys.
MAGNESIUM	Free and bound magnesium in fungi and yeasts.
MAGNESIUM	Thrombin-induced calcium and magnesium platelet release and clot retraction.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and anion requirements of rodB mutants of Bacillus subtilis.
MAGNESIUM	Mutual potentiation by magnesium and calcium of growth in animal cells.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the storage and mobilization of magnesium in the organism
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium and magnesium levels during pregnancy and at calving in heifers and young cows, and the relationship between these components and the incidence of puerperal paresis in older half-sisters.
MAGNESIUM	Influences of intravenous magnesium on the magnesium level in the cerebrospinal fluid in sheep
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and chloride ions on light-induced electron transport in membrane fragments from a blue-green alga.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of 1-25 dihydroxycholecalciferol in magnesium-deficient rats
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in the cerebral califications of the Sturge-Weber syndrome: a study using a castaing electron probe
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium withdrawal and contraction of arterial smooth muscle: effects of EDTA, EGTA, and divalent cations.
MAGNESIUM	Alkalosis and seizure due to a cation-exchange resin and magnesium hydroxide.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in heart failure (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Concurrent determination of total serum calcium and magnesium by thermometric titration with ethylenediaminetetraacetate.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc and magnesium balance in long-term infusion of carbohydrates in healthy subjects
MAGNESIUM	Changes in magnesium levels in surgery of the digestive tract
MAGNESIUM	Value of serum magnesium determinations in certain cases of neonatal jaundice
MAGNESIUM	Presence of aluminum and magnesium in the cerebral arteries and parenchyma of patients with striatonigral syndrome: study by Castaing's microprobe
MAGNESIUM	Reaction of magnesium porphyrinates in polymers containing imidazole.
MAGNESIUM	Heat-induced requirements for sucrose or magnesium for expression of heat resistance in Bacillus cereus forespores.
MAGNESIUM	Hepatic drug metabolism in iron-, magnesium- and potassium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Novobiocin-inhibition and magnesium-interaction of rat liver microsomal bilirubin UDP-glucuronosyltransferase.
MAGNESIUM	Sodium, potassium, magnesium and calcium levels in polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) poisoned rats.
MAGNESIUM	Lithium effects on serum calcium, magnesium and phosphate, in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Hyperalimentation in the treatment of advanced carcinoma with induced magnesium and potassium depletion.
MAGNESIUM	Renal electrolyte excretion in growing fattening calves. 2. Renal calcium and magnesium excretion
MAGNESIUM	The role of the sodium, potassium, magnesium and calcium ions in the transfer of energy at the level of the ATP molecule.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of the gonadal-hypophyseal axis on the magnesium and protein pathway of bones and teeth
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium, magnesium, phosphorus and alkaline phosphatase in the African elephant, Loxodonta africana.
MAGNESIUM	Ventricular extrasystoles and intracellular electrolytes before and after potassium and magnesium infusions in patients on diuretic treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Symptomatic magnesium deficiency after small-intestinal bypass for obesity.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of 1-alpha-hydroxycholecalciferol on magnesium metabolism in chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of serum magnesium with a centrifugal analyzer.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and erythrocyte magnesium in normal elderly danish people. Relationship to blood pressure and serum lipids.
MAGNESIUM	Copper, zinc, magnesium, and calcium in plasma and cerebrospinal fluid of patients with neurological diseases.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency and refractioriness to potassium repletion.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium deficiency on thiamine distribution in rat brain and liver.
MAGNESIUM	Serum levels of magnesium and zinc after a controlled thermal trauma of the rat (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Reduced lectin stimulation of lymphocytes from magnesium-deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium administration on renal excretion of acid and electrolytes in dehydration of eutrophic infants
MAGNESIUM	Contribution of magnesium in long-term diuretic treatment? Magnesium deficiency
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency causing persistent hypokalemia.
MAGNESIUM	Determination of total and ultrafilterable calcium and magnesium in normal equine serum.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of Solanum malacoxylon (Sendtner) on serum calcium, phosphorus and magnesium levels in cattle after parenteral and oral application
MAGNESIUM	Erythrocyte membrane plaques from rats with magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Interconversion of large packets and small groups of cells of Micrococcus rubens: dependence upon magnesium and phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of cellulose added to diets of low and high fiber content upon the metabolism of calcium, magnesium, zinc and phosphorus by man.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium levels in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
MAGNESIUM	Circulatory effects of magnesium sulfate in normotensive and renal hypertensive pregnant sheep.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of feeding magnesium-enriched diets on the quality of the albumen of stored eggs.
MAGNESIUM	Tension in mechanically disrupted mammalian cardiac cells: effects of magnesium adenosine triphosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Stimulation of renin release in perfused kidney by low calcium and high magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on the preparation of ethylcellulose microcapsules containing magnesium aluminum hydroxide hydrate.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of dietary deficiencies of magnesium and potassium on the growth and chemistry of transplanted tumours and host tissues in the rat.
MAGNESIUM	Dependence of calcium efflux rate from cardiac sarcoplasmic reticulum vesicles on external calcium concentration. Effect of magnesium ion proceedings.
MAGNESIUM	Plasma and erythrocyte magnesium concentration in the postoperative period. Relations between calcium and magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium deficiency on activity of lysosomal acid phosphatase in mice lymphocytes
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in elderly people
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium efflux in dialyzed squid axons.
MAGNESIUM	Presence of zinc, aluminum, magnesium in striopalledodentate (SPD) calcifications (Fahr's disease): electron probe study.
MAGNESIUM	ATP binding to human hemoglobin in the presence and absence of magnesium ions investigated with 31P NMR spectroscopy and ultrafiltration.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium- and zinc-deficient diet on lysosomal acid phosphatase activity in neutrophil granulocytes in mice blood
MAGNESIUM	Plasma levels of magnesium and calcium in patients with ischemic heart disease
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and the heart.
MAGNESIUM	Postichemic renal failure: accelerated recovery with adenosine triphosphate-magnesium chloride infusion.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium on binding of beta, gamma-methylene ATP to sarcoplasmic reticulum.
MAGNESIUM	Chloroplast biogenesis. Net synthesis of protochlorophyllide from magnesium-protoporphyrin monoester by developing chloroplasts.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and duodenal alkaline phosphatase levels in fed and fasted magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium and myocardial disease.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium sulfate on toxemic patients in labor.
MAGNESIUM	Serial measurements of serum calcium, magnesium, parathyroid hormone, calcitonin, and 25-hydroxy-vitamin D in premature and term infants during the first week of life.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency anemia in the rat fetus.
MAGNESIUM	Modified magnesium enrichment medium
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium status in diabetes.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium--an alternative in treatment resistant tachyarrhythmias
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium level in the serum and erythrocytes during pregnancy, delivery and puerperium
MAGNESIUM	Interrelation between plasma magnesium and 25 hydroxy-vitamin D3 levels in chronic renal failure.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium and magnesium ions upon fat absorption by sacs of everted hamster intestine.
MAGNESIUM	The excretion of magnesium and calcium by the dog kidney during an acute increase in the plasma sodium chloride concentration proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcitonin on blood magnesium, calcium, inorganic phosphates and urea in rats with acute experimental uremia.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency: a neglected abnormality in clinical practice.
MAGNESIUM	Biochemical studies on Egyptian buffalo meat Part 1. Determination of phosphorus, calcium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium. A CAP survey--1975.
MAGNESIUM	Hypomagnesemic hypocalcemia. Early serum calcium and late parathyroid hormone increase with magnesium therapy.
MAGNESIUM	Light-induced movement of magnesium ions in intact chloroplasts. Spectroscopic determination with Eriochrome Blue SE.
MAGNESIUM	Disturbances of fat, carbohydrate, magnesium and protein balance in liver diseases.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium and polyamines on the structure of yeast tRNAPhe.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium ions on the responses of spinal neurones to excitatory amino acids and acetylcholine.
MAGNESIUM	Depression by magnesium ion of neuronal excitability in tissue cultures of central nervous system.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium ions in catecholamine fluorescence histochemistry. Application to the cryostat and vibratome techniques.
MAGNESIUM	Aortic valve replacement utilizing induced ischemic arrest with magnesium-aspartate-procaine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency in embryos of Xenopus laevis.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium study in cholera and non-choleric gastro-enteritis.
MAGNESIUM	Disorders of calcium-, phosphorus-, and magnesium balance
MAGNESIUM	The production of renal calcinosis by magnesium deficiency in rainbow trout (Salmo gairdneri).
MAGNESIUM	Reflex mechanism for maintaining magnesium homeostasis
MAGNESIUM	The isolation of polyribosomes from plant material using magnesium precipitation in the presence of heparin.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of certain cations on the formation and infectivity of Phytophthora zoospores. 1. Effects of calcium, magnesium, potassium, and iron ions.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium concentration in erythrocytes and plasma in childhood (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	The calcium-magnesium-deficient rat: a study on the distribution of calcium in the spinal cord using the electron probe microanalyser.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium level in serum and cerebrospinal fluid in patients with protein malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	The bio-availability of beta-acetyldigoxine alone and combined with aluminum hydroxide and magnesium hydroxide (Alucol).
MAGNESIUM	Long-term effect of suboptimal dietary magnesium on magnesium and calcium contents of organs, on cold tolerance and on lifespan, and its pathological consequences in rats.
MAGNESIUM	The reversible blocking action of topically applied magnesium solutions on neuronal activity in the cerebral cortex of the anaesthetized rat proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium aspartate on the activity of cholinesterase
MAGNESIUM	Serum calcium and magnesium decline during oral glucose tolerance testing in children and adolescents with preclinical diabetes mellitus less than in normals.
MAGNESIUM	A rapid semiquantitative Mg-urine-test suitable for field estimations of the magnesium status in ruminants.
MAGNESIUM	The role of catecholamines and magnesium in the neuromuscular hyperexcitability of spasmophilia
MAGNESIUM	Percutaneous penetration of the magnesium sulfate adduct of dipyrithione in man.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the calcium phosphorus and magnesium content in the blood serum of cows during calving
MAGNESIUM	Dry ashing of animal tissues for atomic absorption spectrometric determination of zinc, copper, cadmium, lead, iron, manganese, magnesium and calcium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of D600, practolol, and alterations in magnesium on ionized calcium concentration-response relationships in the intact dog heart.
MAGNESIUM	Zinc, iron, copper, and magnesium concentrations in tissues of rats fed various amounts of zinc.
MAGNESIUM	The absorption and retention of magnesium, zinc, and copper by low birth weight infants fed pasteurized human breast milk.
MAGNESIUM	Comparison of the daily endogenous faecal magnesium excretion from sheep eating grass with high sodium or high potassium concentrations.
MAGNESIUM	Animal-experiment studies on the effect of magnesium and vitamin B 6 on calcium-oxalate nephrolithiasis
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and gastric acid secretion.
MAGNESIUM	A rapid microtechnique for the preparation of biological material for the simultaneous analysis of calcium, magnesium and protein.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium sulfate on cardiovascular hemodynamics.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium sulphate on the supernormal phase of myocardial excitability (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Specific effects of sulfate ion on vasopressin-sensitive adenylate cyclase: a reevaluation of the magnesium regulatory role.
MAGNESIUM	Evolution of serum and erythrocyte magnesium levels in burn patients (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Induction and reversal of the magnesium deficiency syndrome in inbred mice.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium in lung cancers of oat-cell type.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium chloride on electrical stability of the heart.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-fluoride interrelationships in man. I. Effect of fluoride on magnesium metabolism.
MAGNESIUM	The effects of 1alpha-OH cholecalciferol on calcium, magnesium and phosphorus metabolism in dairy heifers, and its potential value for the prevention of milk fever.
MAGNESIUM	Inter-relationships of carbonate, phosphate, monohydrogen phosphate, calcium, magnesium and sodium in uraemic bone: comparison of dialysed and non-dialysed patients.
MAGNESIUM	Anti-arrhythmic effect of magnesium cations. Protection against ventricular excitability during cardiotonic therapy
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium and calcium ions on the electrical activity of Pacinian corpuscles
MAGNESIUM	Consequences of the ingestion of thiamine and magnesium deficient diets in the rat. Body composition, metabolism of minerals and water, vitamin storage in the liver
MAGNESIUM	The interaction of magnesium ions with the calcium pump of sarcoplasmic reticulum.
MAGNESIUM	A quantitative analysis of the influence of external calcium and magnesium concentrations on acetylcholine-induced adrenaline release in rat adrenal gland perfused in an antidromic or orthodromic direction.
MAGNESIUM	The distribution of calcium, magnesium, copper and iron in the bovine adrenal medulla.
MAGNESIUM	Correlation between creatine kinase activity and magnesium level in the serum in thyroid function disorders
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and sudden death from heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	Extraction method for the simultaneous determination of sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, iron, copper, zinc and manganese in organic material using atomic absorption spectrophotometry (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Pseudopolymorphism of magnesium salts of higher fatty acids
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium contents of malignant hyperpyrexia-susceptible human muscle.
MAGNESIUM	Development and application of a method to assay calcium and magnesium in isolated myelin-sheath preparations proceedings
MAGNESIUM	Parathyroid hormone and calcitonin in magnesium-deficient calves.
MAGNESIUM	Serum magnesium in neonates.
MAGNESIUM	Tear calcium and magnesium levels of normal subjects and patients with hypocalcemia or hypercalcemia.
MAGNESIUM	Electrolyte excretion in polycystic kidney disease: interrelationship between sodium, calcium, magnesium, and phosphate.
MAGNESIUM	Enzyme diagnosis in lipaemic sera before and after polyanion precipitation with heparin and magnesium chloride (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Variations in the mast cell population of skin and bone marrow in magnesium-deprived rats. The influence of sex hormones.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium deficiency on protein and nucleic acid synthesis in vivo.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, and parathyroid hormone interrelationships in pregnancy and newborn infants.
MAGNESIUM	Combined application of magnesium-aspartate-cardioplegia and general hypothermia in aortic valve replacement (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Pharmacokinetics of a combination of magnesium-chlorophenoxy-isobutyrate and meso-inositol hexanicotinate
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption in the human small intestine. Results in normal subjects, patients with chronic renal disease, and patients with absorptive hypercalciuria.
MAGNESIUM	Reduced acid-neutralizing velocity of spray-dried agglomerated magnesium carbonate: A response.
MAGNESIUM	Reduced acid-neutralizing velocity of spray-dried agglomerated magnesium carbonate: a response.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium deficiency, requirement and toxicity in the young Japanese quail.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of magnesium and high dietary intakes of pyridoxine on the chick.
MAGNESIUM	Studies on investigation of primary pathologic deterioration of the lower limbs. The contents of calcium, magnesium, sodium and potassium in the walls of veins (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium content of the hair in alopecia areata atopica.
MAGNESIUM	Absorption of magnesium in the stomach of the ruminant.
MAGNESIUM	Vitamin D resistance in magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism: a brief review.
MAGNESIUM	Isolation of variant lymphoma cells with reduced growth requirements for extracellular calcium and magnesium and enhanced oncogenicity.
MAGNESIUM	Renal excretion of magnesium in patients with hydronephrosis (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Phosphate, calcium and magnesium fluxes into the lumen of the rat proximal convoluted tubule.
MAGNESIUM	Metabolism and structure of the magnesium aspartate-procaine-arrested ischaemic heart of rabbit and man.
MAGNESIUM	Fertilization of sea urchins needs magnesium ions in seawater.
MAGNESIUM	Changes of magnesium metabolism in open-heart surgery. Comparative evaluation of induced hypothermia and extracorporeal circulation
MAGNESIUM	Calcium metabolism in newborn animals: the interrelationship of calcium, magnesium, and inorganic phosphorus in newborn rats, foals, lambs, and calves.
MAGNESIUM	Respiration-dependent efflux of magnesium ions from heart mitochondria.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium concentrations in plasma during first week of life and their relation to type of milk feed.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium concentrations in plasma and bone following enteral administration of Br-, Cl- and Mg++ in the form of different compounds and combinations.
MAGNESIUM	Renal calcium and magnesium excretion in different months in subjects with normal calcium homeostasis
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium metabolism in patients with active rheumatism during treatment with anabolic steroids
MAGNESIUM	Cholesterol in high-density lipoproteins: a comparison between dextran sulfate-magnesium chloride precipitation and preparative ultracentrifugation.
MAGNESIUM	The site of magnesium absorption from the ruminant stomach.
MAGNESIUM	Sources of errors in the complexometric titration of calcium in the presence of magnesium
MAGNESIUM	Structure of magnesium paracrystals of alpha-tropomyosin.
MAGNESIUM	Biliary magnesium and calcium loss through Kehr's drain in patients operated on for cholelithiasis
MAGNESIUM	Mineral metabolism in chicks on high dietary pyridoxine and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in the ultrastructure of the rat liver under the influence of low-magnesium diet.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of low-magnesium diet on the Ito cells of the rat liver.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium sulfate infusion on acid secretion and on serum gastrin concentration in a patient with gastrinoma.
MAGNESIUM	Role of calcium in exocrine pancreatic secretion. III. Comparison of calcium and magnesium movements in rabbit pancreas.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium ions on action spectra for reactions mediated  by photosystems I and II in spinach chloroplasts.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of magnesium and fluoride on nephrocalcinosis and aortic calcification in rats given high sucrose diets with added phospnates.
MAGNESIUM	The effect of cellulose phosphate on plasma and urinary magnesium at different levels of parathyroid function in man.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium deficiency-induced atrophy of muscle and calcium accumulation in the spinal cord.
MAGNESIUM	Efflux of magnesium and potassium ions from liver mitochondria induced by inorganic phosphate and by diamide.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of intraduodenal magnesium sulphate on pancreas and gallbladder of man.
MAGNESIUM	Axoplasmic free magnesium levels and magnesium extrusion from squid giant axons.
MAGNESIUM	Teratogenic effects of magnesium deficiency in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium, calcium and zinc levels of maternal and fetal tissues in magnesium deficient rats.
MAGNESIUM	Contribution to therapeutic decisions of ratios, absolute values and other measures of calcium, magnesium, urate or oxalate balance in stone formers.
MAGNESIUM	Modern infusion therapy. 4. Disorders of magnesium balance.  Pathophysiology, diagnosis and therapy
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium metabolism in kidney diseases
MAGNESIUM	On the rate of extraction of magnesium from dried plants with water.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of osmomolarity, calcium and magnesium ions on the structuredness of cytoplasmic matrix (SCM).
MAGNESIUM	Gastro-intestinal absorption of tetracycline hydrochloride &amp; chloramphenicol in normal human males: effect of calcium &amp; magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Calcium and magnesium concentrations in "Healthy" and lithiasic human kidney (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Protective effect of magnesium in sensitization (clinico-experimental study)
MAGNESIUM	Isoionic titration and isopycnic density gradient centrifugation studies of magnesium activation and subunit dissociation in yeast enolase.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of endogenous factors on ash concentration and contents of calcium, magnesium, potassium, sodium, phosphorus, zinc, iron, copper and manganese in the bristles of pigs. 5. Mineral composition of pig bristels influenced by pregnancy and lactation
MAGNESIUM	Binding of magnesium by proteins of the mitochondrial intermembrane compartment.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of light, magnesium, and cyanide on accumulation of mercury by a fresh water diatom, Synedra.
MAGNESIUM	Surveys of bovine blood chemistry in Scotland. II. Serum proteins, cholesterol, calcium, sodium, potassium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Critical evaluation of some laboratory parameters of derangements in calcium, magnesium and phosphorus metabolism in patients treated by chronic intermittent haemodialysis (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium requirement of Staphylococcus aureus for repair from sublethal heat injury.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of magnesium on the intestinal absorption of lead.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of glucagon infusion on plasma magnesium, glucose, and insulin in bull calves.
MAGNESIUM	Variations in concentrations and interrelationships of phytate, phosphorus, magnesium, calcium, zinc, and iron in wheat varieties during two years.
MAGNESIUM	Blood cholesterol and serum magnesium in health and ischaemic heart disease.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium required for serum-stimulation of growth in cultures of chick embryo fibroblasts.
MAGNESIUM	Inductothermy and magnesium electrophoresis in complex treatment of children with acute and chronic diseases of the respiratory organs
MAGNESIUM	Morphological state of the gastric and pancreatic mucosa after vagotomy with antral mucosectomy and under the effect of drinking calcium-magnesium-sodium sulfate water
MAGNESIUM	Comparative evaluation of diuretic effect of hypothiazide, furosemide and magnesium sulfate in the complex treatment of pregnant women with toxemia of the 2d half of pregnancy
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcium and magnesium ions on growth and cell division of Erwinia carotovora
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium absorption by the rumen mucosa in sheep
MAGNESIUM	Ionized calcium and magnesium in the baboon: hemorrhagic shock and resuscitation.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of fasting and venous stasis on the serum values of calcium, magnesium, and protein.
MAGNESIUM	Serum levels and urinary excretion of zinc, magnesium, calcium and phosphates during postoperative parenteral feeding
MAGNESIUM	Calcium, phosphorus and magnesium requirement.
MAGNESIUM	Iatrogenic magnesium intoxication during 1-alpha-hydroxycholecalciferol treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of magnesium and some nutrients on the growth and nuclease formation of a moderate halophile, Micrococcus varians var. halophilus.
MAGNESIUM	Balance of magnesium loss from the digestive tract (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Nomograms for the estimation of the saturation of urine with calcium oxalate, calcium phosphate, magnesium ammonium phosphate, uric acid, sodium acid urate, ammonium acid urate and cystine.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium and other electrolytes in bovine eyeballs immersed in sea water and other fluids.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium utilization in wethers fed diets with varying ratios of nitrogen to readily fermentable carbohydrate.
MAGNESIUM	Effects of calcium ions and magnesium ions on 5-hydroxytryptamine-receptor interaction.
MAGNESIUM	Content of blood serum magnesium and ATP in children with hematuric form of diffuse glomerulonephritis
MAGNESIUM	Increase of connective tissue in rat hearts under exposure to noise and with magnesium deficiency (author's transl)
MAGNESIUM	Cholecystokinetic action of magnesium and calcium: a speculative proposal.
MAGNESIUM	Preoperative magnesium trisilicate in infants.
MAGNESIUM	Serum and C.S.F. magnesium in protein calorie malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	The content of dry matter, calcium, magnesium, sodium, potassium, and phosphorus in various tissues (brain, lung, liver, kidney, small intestine) in pigs
MAGNESIUM	Opposing actions of calcium and magnesium ions on the metabolic effects of epinephrine in rat heart.
MAGNESIUM	Lithium effects on diurnal rhythm of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate metabolism in manic-melancholic disorder.
MAGNESIUM	The influence of CSF calcium and magnesium on the ventilatory response to carbon dioxide during hyperoxia.
MAGNESIUM	Influence of extracellular fluid volume expansion on magnesium, calcium and phosphate handling along the rat nephron.
MAGNESIUM	The role of magnesium in protein-energy malnutrition.
MAGNESIUM	Doubly excited states of beryllium and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Electron capture by protons and helium ions from lithium, sodium, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Electron-impact excitation of ions in the magnesium sequence: Fe XV.
MAGNESIUM	Electron correlations in atomic valence shells: Magnesium and aluminum.
MAGNESIUM	Electron-impact ionization in the magnesium-isoelectronic sequence.
MAGNESIUM	Charge transfer leading to multiple ionization of neon, sodium, and magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of the configuration interaction on the (3snl) 1L bound states of the magnesium atom.
MAGNESIUM	Theoretical study of the 1P doubly excited autoionization state of the magnesium atom.
MAGNESIUM	Electron-impact excitation of ions in the magnesium sequence. II. S V, Ar VII, Ca IX, Cr XIII, and Ni XVII.
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium intoxication during 1-alpha-hydroxycholecalciferol treatment.
MAGNESIUM	Changes in plasma and urine magnesium following subcutaneous insulin.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of calcitonin on magnesium content in tissues of rats with acute experimental uremia
MAGNESIUM	The activity of certain hydrolases of rat erythrocytes in experimental magnesium deficiency.
MAGNESIUM	Effect of extracorporeal circulation on levels of serum magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Distribution of calcium, magnesium, iron, copper, zinc and manganese in some common mammalian eye lenses.
MAGNESIUM	Lithium effects on magnesium, calcium, and phosphate metabolism in rats.
MAGNESIUM	Factors affecting calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium status of dairy cattle on the Oregon coast.
MAGNESIUM	Luminescence and photoconductivity in magnesium aluminum spinel.
MAGNESIUM	Measurement of cation diffusion in magnesium oxide by determining the Mg 18O buildup produced by an electric field.
MAGNESIUM	Electronic structure and stability of different crystal phases of magnesium oxide.
MAGNESIUM	Anisotropy of Dingle temperatures in magnesium.
MAGNESIUM	Mobility of cations in magnesium aluminate spinel.
MAGNESIUM	The interaction of magnesium ions with teichoic acid.
MAGNESIUM	Directional Compton profiles and autocorrelation function of magnesium oxide.
MAGNESIUM	Use of magnesium pyrrolidonecarboxylic acid in uterine dyskinesia
MAGNESIUM	Blood magnesium and the renal magnesium threshold in lichen-fed and fasted reindeer.
MAGNESIUM	Lithium-magnesium relationship in red blood cells during lithium prophylaxis.
MAGNESIUM	Reduction of hyperuricemic hyperlipemia by a treatment of calcium and magnesium sulfate water
MAGNESIUM	Magnesium-induced bradycardia.
